To:
Zhuoyi Ma(abb.pllc@outlook.com)
Subject:
U.S. Trademark Application Serial No. 97119032 - ROBICARE - FH
Sent:
August 26, 2022 02:23:17 PM EDT
Sent As:
tmng.notices@uspto.gov
Attachments
United States Patent and Trademark Office (USPTO) 
Office Action (Official Letter) About Applicant’s Trademark Application
 
U.S. Application Serial No. 97119032
Mark:  ROBICARE
Correspondence Address:  
Zhuoyi Ma 
217 Ashley Forest Rd 
Chapel Hill NC 27514 UNITED STATES
Applicant:  Xiangyixiang Technology (Beijing) Co., Ltd.
Reference/Docket No. FH
Correspondence Email Address:  abb.pllc@outlook.com
 
 
NONFINAL OFFICE ACTION
 
The USPTO must receive applicant’s response to this letter within six months of the issue date 
below or the application will be abandoned.  Respond using the Trademark Electronic Application 
System (TEAS).  A link to the appropriate TEAS response form appears at the end of this Office 
action.  
Issue date:  August 26, 2022
The referenced application has been reviewed by the assigned trademark examining attorney. Applicant 
must respond timely and completely to the issue(s) below. 15 U.S.C. §1062(b); 37 C.F.R. §§2.62(a), 
2.65(a); TMEP §§711, 718.03.
 
 
SEARCH OF USPTO DATABASE OF MARKSThe trademark examining attorney has searched the USPTO database of registered and pending marks 
and has found no conflicting marks that would bar registration under Trademark Act Section 2(d). 15 
U.S.C. §1052(d); TMEP §704.02.
 
 
SUMMARY OF ISSUES:
 
Rule 2.61(b) Request for Additional Specimen Submissions
•
Partial Abandonment - Advisory 
•
 
 
RULE 2.61(b) REQUEST FOR ADDITIONAL SPECIMEN SUBMISSIONS
 
Given the wide variety and range of unrelated goods that applicant has listed in the application, 
applicant must submit additional specimens to allow for a complete and accurate examination of the 
application and assessment of the registrability of the subject mark, in accordance with Rule 2.61(b). 37 
C.F.R. §2.61(b); see TMEP §904.01(a).
 
Applicant should submit specimens demonstrating use of the mark on all of the following goods:
 
Blood glucose meter 
1. 
Blood oxygen monitors 
2. 
Blood pressure and diabetic diagnostic medical devices 
3. 
Blood pressure monitors 
4. 
Blood pressure transducers 
5. 
Devices for measuring blood sugar for medical purposes 
6. 
Devices for monitoring blood glucose for medical purposes 
7. 
Electronic sphygmomanometers 
8. 
Health monitoring devices consisting of blood pressure monitors, thermometers and pedometers 
9. 
Health monitors comprising sensor that monitor the health of the elderly or disabled in their own 
homes 
10. 
Heart rate monitoring apparatus 
11. 
Heartbeat measuring apparatus 
12. 
Medical devices for monitoring blood oxygen saturation, blood gas concentrations, vital signs 
and respiratory events, and recorded software for recording, processing and transmitting medical 
data, for use therewith, sold as a unit 
13. 
Patient medical monitors for monitoring blood pressure 
14. 
Patient medical monitors for monitoring heart rate 
15. 
Patient medical monitors for monitoring lung function
16. 
 
If applicant is unable to provide specimens to support use of these items, applicant must delete these 
entries, or amend the filing basis for those goods that were not in proper use as of the application filing 
date to an intent to use basis under Section 1(b).  This option will later necessitate additional fees and 
filing requirements such as providing a specimen for these goods at a subsequent date.
 
Failure to comply with a requirement to furnish additional specimens is grounds for refusing 
registration.  In re Harley, 119 USPQ2d 1755, 1757-58 (TTAB 2016); TMEP §814.  Merely stating 
that evidence is available on applicant’s or a third party website or providing a hyperlink of such awebsite is an insufficient response and will not make the additional specimens of record.  See In re 
Planalytics, Inc., 70 USPQ2d 1453, 1457-58 (TTAB 2004).
 
 
PARTIAL ABANDONMENT – ADVISORY
 
If applicant does not respond to this Office action within the six-month period for response, the 
following goods in International Class(es) 10 will be deleted from the application: 
 
Blood glucose meter; Blood oxygen monitors; Blood pressure and diabetic diagnostic medical 
devices; Blood pressure monitors; Blood pressure transducers; Devices for measuring blood 
sugar for medical purposes; Devices for monitoring blood glucose for medical purposes; 
Electronic sphygmomanometers; Health monitoring devices consisting of blood pressure 
monitors, thermometers and pedometers; Health monitors comprising sensor that monitor the 
health of the elderly or disabled in their own homes; Heart rate monitoring apparatus; Heartbeat 
measuring apparatus; Medical devices for monitoring blood oxygen saturation, blood gas 
concentrations, vital signs and respiratory events, and recorded software for recording, 
processing and transmitting medical data, for use therewith, sold as a unit; Patient medical 
monitors for monitoring blood pressure; Patient medical monitors for monitoring heart rate; 
Patient medical monitors for monitoring lung function  
 
The application will then proceed with the following goods in International Class(es) 10 only: 
 
Massaging apparatus for personal use  
 
See 37 C.F.R. §2.65(a)-(a)(1); TMEP §718.02(a).
 
 
RESPONSE GUIDELINES
 
Please call or email the assigned trademark examining attorney with questions about this Office action.  
Although an examining attorney cannot provide legal advice, the examining attorney can provide 
additional explanation about the refusal(s) and/or requirement(s) in this Office action.  See TMEP 
§§705.02, 709.06. 
 
The USPTO does not accept emails as responses to Office actions; however, emails can be used for 
informal communications and are included in the application record.  See 37 C.F.R. §§2.62(c), 2.191; 
TMEP §§304.01-.02, 709.04-.05. 
 
 
 
How to respond.  Click to file a response to this nonfinal Office action./Chioma (Bata) Oputa/
Trademark Examining Attorney 
Law Office 103
(571) 272-5234
chioma.oputa@uspto.gov
 
 
RESPONSE GUIDANCE
Missing the response deadline to this letter will cause the application to abandon.  The 
response must be received by the USPTO before midnight Eastern Time of the last day of the 
response period.  TEAS maintenance or unforeseen circumstances could affect an applicant’s 
ability to timely respond.
•
Responses signed by an unauthorized party are not accepted and can cause the application to 
abandon.  If applicant does not have an attorney, the response must be signed by the individual 
applicant, all joint applicants, or someone with legal authority to bind a juristic applicant.  If 
applicant has an attorney, the response must be signed by the attorney.
•
If needed, find contact information for the supervisor of the office or unit listed in the 
signature block.
•United States Patent and Trademark Office (USPTO)
USPTO OFFICIAL NOTICE
Office Action (Official Letter) has issued  
on August 26, 2022 for  
U.S. Trademark Application Serial No.  97119032
A USPTO examining attorney has reviewed your trademark application and issued an Office 
action.  You must respond to this Office action in order to avoid your application 
abandoning.  Follow the steps below.
(1)  Read the Office action. This email is NOT the Office action.
(2)  Respond to the Office action by the deadline using the Trademark Electronic Application 
System (TEAS). Your response must be received by the USPTO on or before 11:59 p.m. 
Eastern Time of the last day of the response period. Otherwise, your application will be 
abandoned. See the Office action itself regarding how to respond.
(3)  Direct general questions about using USPTO electronic forms, the USPTO website, the 
application process, the status of your application, and whether there are outstanding deadlines 
to the Trademark Assistance Center (TAC).
After reading the Office action, address any question(s) regarding the specific content to the 
USPTO examining attorney identified in the Office action.
GENERAL GUIDANCE
Check the status of your application periodically in the Trademark Status & 
Document Retrieval (TSDR) database to avoid missing critical deadlines.
•
Update your correspondence email address to ensure you receive important USPTO 
notices about your application.
•
Beware of trademark-related scams. Protect yourself from people and companies that 
may try to take financial advantage of you. Private companies may call you and pretend 
to be the USPTO or may send you communications that resemble official USPTO 
documents to trick you. We will never request your credit card number or social security 
number over the phone. And all official USPTO correspondence will only be emailed 
from the domain “@uspto.gov.” Verify the correspondence originated from us by using 
your Serial Number in our database, TSDR, to confirm that it appears under the 
“Documents” tab, or contact the Trademark Assistance Center. 
•Hiring a U.S.-licensed attorney. If you do not have an attorney and are not required to 
have one under the trademark rules, we encourage you to hire a U.S.-licensed attorney 
specializing in trademark law to help guide you through the registration process. The 
USPTO examining attorney is not your attorney and cannot give you legal advice, but 
rather works for and represents the USPTO in trademark matters.
•