To:
Katie Shenko(katie@shenkolaw.com)
Subject:
U.S. Trademark Application Serial No. 97119047 - YOUNK
Sent:
August 26, 2022 12:53:52 PM EDT
Sent As:
tmng.notices@uspto.gov
Attachments
United States Patent and Trademark Office (USPTO) 
Office Action (Official Letter) About Applicant’s Trademark Application
 
U.S. Application Serial No. 97119047
Mark:  YOUNK
Correspondence Address:  
KATIE SHENKO 
SHENKO BUSINESS LAW PLLC 
5944 CORAL RIDGE DRIVE, #138 
CORAL SPRINGS, FL FL 33076 UNITED STATES
Applicant:  Younk, Inc.
Reference/Docket No. N/A
Correspondence Email Address:  katie@shenkolaw.com
 
 
NONFINAL OFFICE ACTION
 
The USPTO must receive applicant’s response to this letter within six months of the issue date 
below or the application will be abandoned.  Respond using the Trademark Electronic Application 
System (TEAS).  A link to the appropriate TEAS response form appears at the end of this Office 
action.  
Issue date:  August 26, 2022
The referenced application has been reviewed by the assigned trademark examining attorney. Applicant 
must respond timely and completely to the issue(s) below. 15 U.S.C. §1062(b); 37 C.F.R. §§2.62(a), 
2.65(a); TMEP §§711, 718.03.
 
NO CONFLICTING MARKSThe trademark examining attorney has searched the USPTO database of registered and pending marks 
and has found no conflicting marks that would bar registration under Trademark Act Section 2(d). 15 
U.S.C. §1052(d); TMEP §704.02.
 
SUMMARY OF ISSUES:  
 
Domicile Address Verification Required
•
 
Applicant must respond to the following requirement(s) set forth below.
 
DOMICILE ADDRESS VERIFICATION REQUIRED 
 
Applicant must clarify its domicile street address because the domicile address of record is for a 
third-party commercial mail receiving agency and does not appear to be applicant’s permanent legal 
place of residence or principal place of business. See 37 C.F.R. §§2.11(b), 2.189; TMEP §601.01(b)(1). 
A domicile address must identify either (1) the permanent legal place of residence, which is the place 
an individual applicant resides and intends to be the applicant’s principal home; or (2) the principal 
place of business, which is the juristic applicant’s headquarters where its senior executives or officers 
ordinarily direct and control the entity’s activities.  See 37 C.F.R. §2.2(o)-(p); TMEP §803.05(a).
 
In this case, the application record lists applicant as a juristic entity and specifies applicant’s domicile 
address as follows: 5944 Coral Ridge Drive, #138, Coral Springs FL 33076. This address has been 
identified as a commercial mail receiving agency by the U.S. Postal Service Coding Accuracy Support 
System (CASS) and thus does not appear to be applicant’s headquarters where its senior executives or 
officers ordinarily direct and control the entity’s activities. See 37 C.F.R. §2.2(o)-(p); TMEP 
§601.01(b)(1). Commercial mail receiving agencies are private businesses that accept mail from the 
U.S. Postal Service on behalf of third parties.
 
Response options. Applicant must provide its domicile street address. See 37 C.F.R. §2.32(a)(2), 
2.189; TMEP §803.05. Alternatively, applicant may provide (1) documentation showing that the listed 
U.S. domicile address is, in fact, applicant’s domicile, or (2) a detailed explanation supporting that 
applicant has no fixed physical address. See 37 C.F.R. §2.11(b); TMEP §§601.01(b)-(b)(1), 803.05(a).
 
To provide applicant’s domicile street address. After opening the correct Trademark Electronic 
Application System (TEAS) response form and entering the serial number, (1) answer “yes” to question 
5 and click “Continue;” (2) on the “Owner Information” page, in the “Domicile Address” field, 
uncheck the box stating the domicile and mailing address are not the same; and (3) below the checkbox 
provide applicant’s domicile street address. Applicant’s domicile street address will be hidden from 
public view if it is entered into the “Domicile Address” field. However, any street address listed in the 
“Mailing Address” field will be publicly viewable.
 
To provide documentation to support applicant’s U.S. domicile address. Applicant should provide 
the most recent documentation showing that the address is the applicant’s business headquarters, for 
example one of the following: (1) the most recent final annual or quarterly report or other similar 
report; or (2) a current, valid signed rental, lease, or mortgage agreement for office space. TMEP 
§601.01(b)-(b)(1); see 37 C.F.R. §2.11(b). Submitted documentation must show the name, listed 
domicile address, and the date of the document but should redact other personal and financialinformation.
 
To provide this documentation, open the correct TEAS response form and enter the serial number, 
answer “yes” to question 3, and on the “Additional Statement(s)” page, below the “Miscellaneous 
Statement” field, click the button below the text box to attach documentation to support the U.S. street 
address.
 
To provide a detailed explanation that applicant has no fixed physical address. If applicant has no 
physical headquarters where its senior executives or officers ordinarily direct and control the business 
(e.g., because the business is conducted virtually), applicant should state for the record that applicant 
has no fixed physical address and provide a detailed explanation of the circumstances.
 
To provide this explanation, open the correct TEAS response form and enter the serial number, answer 
“yes” to question 3, and on the “Additional Statement(s)” page, in the “Miscellaneous Statement” field, 
enter the referenced explanation in the text box.
 
GUIDELINES FOR RESPONDING TO THE OFFICE ACTION
 
For this application to proceed, the response must explicitly address each refusal and/or requirement in 
this Office action.  For a refusal, the response may include written arguments and evidence against the 
refusal, and, if relevant, may include other response options if specified above.  For a requirement, the 
response should set forth the changes or statements.
 
If the applicant has any questions or needs assistance in responding to this Office action, please 
telephone the assigned examining attorney.
 
How to respond.  Click to file a response to this nonfinal Office action.
 
 
/V.J./
Gene V.J. Maciol
(571) 272-9280
gene.maciol@uspto.gov
 
 
RESPONSE GUIDANCE
Missing the response deadline to this letter will cause the application to abandon.  The 
response must be received by the USPTO before midnight Eastern Time of the last day of the 
response period.  TEAS maintenance or unforeseen circumstances could affect an applicant’s 
ability to timely respond.
•
Responses signed by an unauthorized party are not accepted and can cause the application to 
abandon.  If applicant does not have an attorney, the response must be signed by the individual 
applicant, all joint applicants, or someone with legal authority to bind a juristic applicant.  If 
•applicant has an attorney, the response must be signed by the attorney.
If needed, find contact information for the supervisor of the office or unit listed in the 
signature block.
•United States Patent and Trademark Office (USPTO)
USPTO OFFICIAL NOTICE
Office Action (Official Letter) has issued  
on August 26, 2022 for  
U.S. Trademark Application Serial No.  97119047
A USPTO examining attorney has reviewed your trademark application and issued an Office 
action.  You must respond to this Office action in order to avoid your application 
abandoning.  Follow the steps below.
(1)  Read the Office action. This email is NOT the Office action.
(2)  Respond to the Office action by the deadline using the Trademark Electronic Application 
System (TEAS). Your response must be received by the USPTO on or before 11:59 p.m. 
Eastern Time of the last day of the response period. Otherwise, your application will be 
abandoned. See the Office action itself regarding how to respond.
(3)  Direct general questions about using USPTO electronic forms, the USPTO website, the 
application process, the status of your application, and whether there are outstanding deadlines 
to the Trademark Assistance Center (TAC).
After reading the Office action, address any question(s) regarding the specific content to the 
USPTO examining attorney identified in the Office action.
GENERAL GUIDANCE
Check the status of your application periodically in the Trademark Status & 
Document Retrieval (TSDR) database to avoid missing critical deadlines.
•
Update your correspondence email address to ensure you receive important USPTO 
notices about your application.
•
Beware of trademark-related scams. Protect yourself from people and companies that 
may try to take financial advantage of you. Private companies may call you and pretend 
to be the USPTO or may send you communications that resemble official USPTO 
documents to trick you. We will never request your credit card number or social security 
number over the phone. And all official USPTO correspondence will only be emailed 
from the domain “@uspto.gov.” Verify the correspondence originated from us by using 
your Serial Number in our database, TSDR, to confirm that it appears under the 
“Documents” tab, or contact the Trademark Assistance Center. 
•Hiring a U.S.-licensed attorney. If you do not have an attorney and are not required to 
have one under the trademark rules, we encourage you to hire a U.S.-licensed attorney 
specializing in trademark law to help guide you through the registration process. The 
USPTO examining attorney is not your attorney and cannot give you legal advice, but 
rather works for and represents the USPTO in trademark matters.
•