To:
Dileep P. Rao(drao@kmd.law)
Subject:
U.S. Trademark Application Serial No. 97119923 - DELIVERING 
INNOVATION
Sent:
August 23, 2022 07:16:13 PM EDT
Sent As:
tmng.notices@uspto.gov
Attachments
United States Patent and Trademark Office (USPTO) 
Office Action (Official Letter) About Applicant’s Trademark Application
 
U.S. Application Serial No. 97119923
Mark:  DELIVERING INNOVATION
Correspondence Address:  
Dileep P. Rao 
Kearney, McWiliams & Davis 
55 Waugh, Suite 150 
Houston TX 77007 UNITED STATES
Applicant:  ENGlobal Corporation
Reference/Docket No. N/A
Correspondence Email Address:  drao@kmd.law
 
 
NONFINAL OFFICE ACTION
 
The USPTO must receive applicant’s response to this letter within six months of the issue date 
below or the application will be abandoned.  Respond using the Trademark Electronic Application 
System (TEAS).  A link to the appropriate TEAS response form appears at the end of this Office 
action.  
Issue date:  August 23, 2022
DEFERRAL OF ACTION ON THE MERITS AND SEARCH
  
The trademark examining attorney will defer a review of the merits of the application, and a search of 
the USPTO database of registered and pending marks, until applicant clarifies the number of classes for 
which registration is sought and ensures the required filing fees for all specified classes have been paid.See TMEP §§810.01, 1401.04; see also 15 U.S.C. §1112; 37 C.F.R. §2.86(a)(2), (b)(2).
 
The application identifies services in at least eleven classes; however, applicant submitted the 
fees sufficient for only one class. 
 
Applicant may respond to this issue by satisfying one of the following:
 
(1)        Specifying the exact services provided as well as the number of classes for 
which registration is sought and provide the filing fees for all such classes.
 
(2)        Deleting services from the application not covered by the fee(s) already 
submitted.
 
See TMEP §§810.01, 1401.04.  
 
Applicant is strongly encouraged to view the USPTO’s online searchable U.S. Acceptable 
Identification of Goods and Services Manual for assistance with identifying and classifying goods and 
services in trademark applications.  See TMEP §1402.04.  For example, unless noted in the ID manual, 
"consultancy"; "information"; and "advisory" services are classified by the exact subject-matter and not 
by field of use. 
 
Applicant may amend the identification to clarify or limit the services, but not to broaden or expand 
the services beyond those in the original application or as acceptably amended. See 37 C.F.R. §2.71(a); 
TMEP §1402.06. Generally, any deleted services may not later be reinserted. See TMEP §1402.07(e).
 
Applicant is further advised that if the application continues to identify vague services in multiple 
classes without applicant submitting sufficient fee(s) for all classes, the trademark examining attorney 
will continue to defer a review of the merits of the application and a search of the USPTO database of 
registered and pending marks until applicant ensures the required filing fees for all specified classes 
have been paid.  
 
ASSISTANCE
 
Please call or email the assigned trademark examining attorney with questions about this Office action. 
Although an examining attorney cannot provide legal advice, the examining attorney can provide 
additional explanation about the refusal(s) and/or requirement(s) in this Office action. See TMEP 
§§705.02, 709.06.
 
The USPTO does not accept emails as responses to Office actions; however, emails can be used for 
informal communications and are included in the application record. See 37 C.F.R. §§2.62(c), 2.191; 
TMEP §§304.01-.02, 709.04-.05.
 
How to respond.  Click to file a response to this nonfinal Office action./Salima Oestreicher/
Salima Oestreicher
Trademark Examining Attorney 
Law Office 128
(571) 272-6786
salima.oestreicher@uspto.gov
 
 
RESPONSE GUIDANCE
Missing the response deadline to this letter will cause the application to abandon.  The 
response must be received by the USPTO before midnight Eastern Time of the last day of the 
response period.  TEAS maintenance or unforeseen circumstances could affect an applicant’s 
ability to timely respond.
•
Responses signed by an unauthorized party are not accepted and can cause the application to 
abandon.  If applicant does not have an attorney, the response must be signed by the individual 
applicant, all joint applicants, or someone with legal authority to bind a juristic applicant.  If 
applicant has an attorney, the response must be signed by the attorney.
•
If needed, find contact information for the supervisor of the office or unit listed in the 
signature block.
•United States Patent and Trademark Office (USPTO)
USPTO OFFICIAL NOTICE
Office Action (Official Letter) has issued  
on August 23, 2022 for  
U.S. Trademark Application Serial No.  97119923
A USPTO examining attorney has reviewed your trademark application and issued an Office 
action.  You must respond to this Office action in order to avoid your application 
abandoning.  Follow the steps below.
(1)  Read the Office action. This email is NOT the Office action.
(2)  Respond to the Office action by the deadline using the Trademark Electronic Application 
System (TEAS). Your response must be received by the USPTO on or before 11:59 p.m. 
Eastern Time of the last day of the response period. Otherwise, your application will be 
abandoned. See the Office action itself regarding how to respond.
(3)  Direct general questions about using USPTO electronic forms, the USPTO website, the 
application process, the status of your application, and whether there are outstanding deadlines 
to the Trademark Assistance Center (TAC).
After reading the Office action, address any question(s) regarding the specific content to the 
USPTO examining attorney identified in the Office action.
GENERAL GUIDANCE
Check the status of your application periodically in the Trademark Status & 
Document Retrieval (TSDR) database to avoid missing critical deadlines.
•
Update your correspondence email address to ensure you receive important USPTO 
notices about your application.
•
Beware of trademark-related scams. Protect yourself from people and companies that 
may try to take financial advantage of you. Private companies may call you and pretend 
to be the USPTO or may send you communications that resemble official USPTO 
documents to trick you. We will never request your credit card number or social security 
number over the phone. And all official USPTO correspondence will only be emailed 
from the domain “@uspto.gov.” Verify the correspondence originated from us by using 
your Serial Number in our database, TSDR, to confirm that it appears under the 
“Documents” tab, or contact the Trademark Assistance Center. 
•Hiring a U.S.-licensed attorney. If you do not have an attorney and are not required to 
have one under the trademark rules, we encourage you to hire a U.S.-licensed attorney 
specializing in trademark law to help guide you through the registration process. The 
USPTO examining attorney is not your attorney and cannot give you legal advice, but 
rather works for and represents the USPTO in trademark matters.
•