To:
liner, joel m(joel.liner@comcast.net)
Subject:
U.S. Trademark Application Serial No. 97118973 - LEGACY OVER LUST
Sent:
August 25, 2022 04:54:00 PM EDT
Sent As:
tmng.notices@uspto.gov
Attachments
United States Patent and Trademark Office (USPTO) 
Office Action (Official Letter) About Applicant’s Trademark Application
 
U.S. Application Serial No. 97118973
Mark:  LEGACY OVER LUST
Correspondence Address:  
LINER, JOEL M 
4020 SAND WEDGE CIRCLE 
KENNESAW GA 30144 UNITED STATES
Applicant:  liner, joel m
Reference/Docket No. N/A
Correspondence Email Address:  joel.liner@comcast.net
 
 
NONFINAL OFFICE ACTION
 
The USPTO must receive applicant’s response to this letter within six months of the issue date 
below or the application will be abandoned.  Respond using the Trademark Electronic Application 
System (TEAS).  A link to the appropriate TEAS response form appears at the end of this Office 
action.  
Issue date:  August 25, 2022
 
Introduction
 
The referenced application has been reviewed by the assigned trademark examining attorney. Applicant 
must respond timely and completely to the issue(s) below. 15 U.S.C. §1062(b); 37 C.F.R. §§2.62(a), 
2.65(a); TMEP §§711, 718.03.Summary of Issues 
 
Search Results - No Conflicting Marks Found 
•
Refusal – Sections 1, 2 and 45 – Merely Ornamental
•
Advisory regarding Hiring a Trademark Attorney 
•
 
Search Results - No Conflicting Marks Found 
 
The trademark examining attorney has searched the USPTO database of registered and pending marks 
and has found no conflicting marks that would bar registration under Trademark Act Section 2(d). 15 
U.S.C. §1052(d); TMEP §704.02.
 
Refusal – Sections 1, 2 and 45 – Merely Ornamental 
 
Registration is refused because the applied-for mark as used on the specimen of record is merely a 
decorative or ornamental feature of applicant’s clothing and, thus, does not function as a trademark to 
indicate the source of applicant’s clothing and to identify and distinguish applicant’s clothing from 
others. Trademark Act Sections 1, 2, and 45, 15 U.S.C. §§1051-1052, 1127; see In re Lululemon 
Athletica Can. Inc., 105 USPQ2d 1684, 1689 (TTAB 2013); In re Pro-Line Corp., 28 USPQ2d 1141, 
1142 (TTAB 1993); TMEP §§904.07(b), 1202.03 et seq.
 
The size, location, dominance, and significance of the alleged mark as used on the goods are all 
relevant factors in determining the commercial impression of the applied-for mark. See, e.g., In re 
Peace Love World Live, LLC, 127 USPQ2d 1400, 1403 (TTAB 2018) (quoting In re Hulting, 107 
USPQ2d 1175, 1178 (TTAB 2013)); In re Lululemon Athletica Can. Inc., 105 USPQ2d at 1687 
(quoting In re Right-On Co., 87 USPQ2d 1152, 1156 (TTAB 2008)); TMEP §1202.03(a).
 
With respect to clothing, consumers may recognize small designs or discrete wording as trademarks, 
rather than as merely ornamental features, when located, for example, on the pocket or breast area of a 
shirt. See TMEP §1202.03(a). Consumers may not, however, perceive larger designs or slogans as 
trademarks when such matter is prominently displayed across the front of a t-shirt. See In re Pro-Line 
Corp., 28 USPQ2d at 1142; In re Dimitri’s Inc., 9 USPQ2d 1666, 1667-68 (TTAB 1988); TMEP 
§1202.03(a), (b), (f)(i), (f)(ii).
 
In this case, the submitted specimen shows the applied-for mark, LEGACY OVER LUST, located 
directly on the upper-center area of the front of the shirt, where ornamental elements often appear. See 
TMEP §1202.03(a), (b). Furthermore, the mark is displayed in a relatively large size on the clothing 
such that it dominates the overall appearance of the goods. Lastly, the applied-for mark appears to be a 
slogan that is used in a merely decorative manner that would be perceived by consumers as having little 
or no particular source-identifying significance.
 
Therefore, consumers would view the applied-for mark as a decorative or ornamental feature of the 
goods, rather than as a trademark to indicate the source of applicant’s goods and to distinguish them 
from others.
 
In appropriate circumstances, applicant may overcome this refusal by satisfying one of the following 
options:(1)       Submit a different specimen (a verified “substitute” specimen) that was in 
actual use in commerce at least as early as the filing date of the application (or prior to the 
filing of an amendment to allege use) and that shows proper trademark use for the identified 
goods in International Class 25. Examples of acceptable specimens that show non-
ornamental use on clothing include hang tags and labels used inside a garment.
 
(2)       Amend to the Supplemental Register, which is a second trademark register for 
marks not yet eligible for registration on the Principal Register, but which may become 
capable over time of functioning as source indicators.
 
(3)       Claim acquired distinctiveness under Trademark Act Section 2(f) by 
submitting evidence that the applied-for mark has become distinctive of applicant’s goods; 
that is, proof that applicant’s extensive use and promotion of the mark allowed consumers 
now directly to associate the mark with applicant as the source of the goods.
 
(4)       Submit evidence that the applied-for mark is an indicator of secondary source; 
that is, proof that the mark is already recognized as a source indicator for other goods or 
services that applicant sells/offers.
 
(5)       Amend the filing basis to intent to use under Section 1(b). This option will 
later necessitate additional fee(s) and filing requirements.
 
For an overview of the response options above and instructions on how to satisfy each option online 
using the Trademark Electronic Application System (TEAS) form, see the Ornamental Refusal 
webpage.
 
Response Options to Refusals 
 
Although applicant’s mark has been refused registration, applicant may respond to the refusal(s) by 
submitting evidence and arguments in support of registration.
 
Response Guidelines
 
Response guidelines. For this application to proceed, applicant must explicitly address each refusal 
and/or requirement in this Office action. For a refusal, applicant may provide written arguments and 
evidence against the refusal, and may have other response options if specified above. For a 
requirement, applicant should set forth the changes or statements. Please see “Responding to Office 
Actions” and the informational video “Response to Office Action” for more information and tips on 
responding.
 
Please call or email the assigned trademark examining attorney with questions about this Office action. 
Although an examining attorney cannot provide legal advice, the examining attorney can provide 
additional explanation about the refusal(s) and/or requirement(s) in this Office action. See TMEP 
§§705.02, 709.06.
 
The USPTO does not accept emails as responses to Office actions; however, emails can be used for 
informal communications and are included in the application record. See 37 C.F.R. §§2.62(c), 2.191; 
TMEP §§304.01-.02, 709.04-.05.Advisory regarding Hiring a Trademark Attorney 
 
Because of the legal technicalities and strict deadlines of the trademark application process, applicant is 
encouraged to hire a private attorney who specializes in trademark matters to assist in this process. The 
assigned trademark examining attorney can provide only limited assistance explaining the content of an 
Office action and the application process. USPTO staff cannot provide legal advice or statements about 
an applicant’s legal rights. TMEP §§705.02, 709.06. See Hiring a U.S.-licensed trademark attorney for 
more information.
 
 
 
 
How to respond.  Click to file a response to this nonfinal Office action.
 
 
/Daniel L. Flint/
Daniel L. Flint
Trademark Examining Attorney 
Law Office 306
(571) 270-7140
daniel.flint2@uspto.gov
 
 
RESPONSE GUIDANCE
Missing the response deadline to this letter will cause the application to abandon.  The 
response must be received by the USPTO before midnight Eastern Time of the last day of the 
response period.  TEAS maintenance or unforeseen circumstances could affect an applicant’s 
ability to timely respond.
•
Responses signed by an unauthorized party are not accepted and can cause the application to 
abandon.  If applicant does not have an attorney, the response must be signed by the individual 
applicant, all joint applicants, or someone with legal authority to bind a juristic applicant.  If 
applicant has an attorney, the response must be signed by the attorney.
•
If needed, find contact information for the supervisor of the office or unit listed in the 
signature block.
•United States Patent and Trademark Office (USPTO)
USPTO OFFICIAL NOTICE
Office Action (Official Letter) has issued  
on August 25, 2022 for  
U.S. Trademark Application Serial No.  97118973
A USPTO examining attorney has reviewed your trademark application and issued an Office 
action.  You must respond to this Office action in order to avoid your application 
abandoning.  Follow the steps below.
(1)  Read the Office action. This email is NOT the Office action.
(2)  Respond to the Office action by the deadline using the Trademark Electronic Application 
System (TEAS). Your response must be received by the USPTO on or before 11:59 p.m. 
Eastern Time of the last day of the response period. Otherwise, your application will be 
abandoned. See the Office action itself regarding how to respond.
(3)  Direct general questions about using USPTO electronic forms, the USPTO website, the 
application process, the status of your application, and whether there are outstanding deadlines 
to the Trademark Assistance Center (TAC).
After reading the Office action, address any question(s) regarding the specific content to the 
USPTO examining attorney identified in the Office action.
GENERAL GUIDANCE
Check the status of your application periodically in the Trademark Status & 
Document Retrieval (TSDR) database to avoid missing critical deadlines.
•
Update your correspondence email address to ensure you receive important USPTO 
notices about your application.
•
Beware of trademark-related scams. Protect yourself from people and companies that 
may try to take financial advantage of you. Private companies may call you and pretend 
to be the USPTO or may send you communications that resemble official USPTO 
documents to trick you. We will never request your credit card number or social security 
number over the phone. And all official USPTO correspondence will only be emailed 
from the domain “@uspto.gov.” Verify the correspondence originated from us by using 
your Serial Number in our database, TSDR, to confirm that it appears under the 
“Documents” tab, or contact the Trademark Assistance Center. 
•Hiring a U.S.-licensed attorney. If you do not have an attorney and are not required to 
have one under the trademark rules, we encourage you to hire a U.S.-licensed attorney 
specializing in trademark law to help guide you through the registration process. The 
USPTO examining attorney is not your attorney and cannot give you legal advice, but 
rather works for and represents the USPTO in trademark matters.
•