To:
Henry G. Chow(lawyerchow01@gmail.com)
Subject:
U.S. Trademark Application Serial No. 97119055 - FUNMUN
Sent:
August 23, 2022 11:02:00 AM EDT
Sent As:
tmng.notices@uspto.gov
Attachments
United States Patent and Trademark Office (USPTO) 
Office Action (Official Letter) About Applicant’s Trademark Application
 
U.S. Application Serial No. 97119055
Mark:  FUNMUN
Correspondence Address:  
HENRY G. CHOW 
2880 ZANKER ROAD, SUITE 203 
SAN JOSE CA 95134 UNITED STATES
Applicant:  Fengchun Deng
Reference/Docket No. N/A
Correspondence Email Address:  lawyerchow01@gmail.com
 
 
COMBINED EXAMINER’S AMENDMENT/PRIORITY ACTION 
NONFINAL OFFICE ACTION
 
The USPTO must receive applicant’s response to this letter within six months of the issue date 
below or the application will be abandoned.  Respond using the Trademark Electronic Application 
System (TEAS).  A link to the appropriate TEAS response form appears at the end of this Office 
action.  
Issue date:  August 23, 2022
PRIORITY ACTION
 
USPTO database searched; no conflicting marks found.  The trademark examining attorney has 
searched the USPTO database of registered and pending marks and has found no conflicting marks that 
would bar registration under Trademark Act Section 2(d).  15 U.S.C. §1052(d); TMEP §704.02.Applicant must address issues shown below.  On August 23, 2022, the examining attorney and Henry 
Chow, applicant's counsel discussed the issues below.  Applicant must timely respond to these 
issues.  See 15 U.S.C. §1062(b); 37 C.F.R. §2.62(a); TMEP §708.05.  
 
Summary Of Issues:
 
Specimen Does Not Show Use Of The Mark In Commerce
•
 
Specimen Does Not Show Use Of The Mark In Commerce
 
Registration is refused because the specimen does not show the applied-for mark as actually used in 
commerce in International Class(es) 11. Trademark Act Sections 1 and 45, 15 U.S.C. §§1051, 1127; 37 
C.F.R. §§2.34(a)(1)(iv), 2.56(a); TMEP §§904, 904.07(a). An application based on Trademark Act 
Section 1(a) must include a specimen showing the applied-for mark as actually used in commerce for 
each international class of goods identified in the application or amendment to allege use. 15 U.S.C. 
§1051(a)(1); 37 C.F.R. §§2.34(a)(1)(iv), 2.56(a); TMEP §§904, 904.07(a).
 
Specifically, applicant has submitted a specimen for lighting goods, but these goods have been deleted 
out of the application per the examiner's amendment below.  Accordingly, the specimen fails to show 
use of the applied for mark with the remaining Class 11 goods in the application. 
 
Examples of specimens.  Specimens for goods include a photograph of (1) the actual goods bearing 
the mark; (2) an actual container, packaging, tag or label for the goods bearing the mark; or (3) a point-
of-sale display showing the mark directly associated with the goods.  See 37 C.F.R. §2.56(b)(1), (c); 
TMEP §904.03(a)-(m).  A webpage specimen submitted as a display associated with the goods must 
show the mark in association with a picture or textual description of the goods and include information 
necessary for ordering the goods.  TMEP §904.03(i); see 37 C.F.R. §2.56(b)(1), (c).  Any webpage 
printout or screenshot submitted as a specimen must include the webpage’s URL and the date it was 
accessed or printed on the specimen itself, within the TEAS form that submits the specimen, or in a 
verified statement under 37 C.F.R. §2.20 or 28 U.S.C. §1746 in a later-filed response.  See 37 C.F.R. 
§2.56(c); TMEP §§904.03(i), 1301.04(a).
 
Response options. Applicant may respond to this refusal by satisfying one of the following for each 
applicable international class:
 
(1)        Submit a different specimen (a verified “substitute” specimen) that (a) was 
in actual use in commerce at least as early as the filing date of the application or prior to 
the filing of an amendment to allege use and (b) shows the mark in actual use in 
commerce for the goods identified in the application or amendment to allege use. A 
“verified substitute specimen” is a specimen that is accompanied by the following 
statement made in a signed affidavit or supported by a declaration under 37 C.F.R. 
§2.20: “The substitute (or new, or originally submitted, if appropriate) specimen(s) 
was/were in use in commerce at least as early as the filing date of the application or 
prior to the filing of the amendment to allege use.” The substitute specimen cannot be 
accepted without this statement.
 
(2)        Amend the filing basis to intent to use under Section 1(b) (which includes 
withdrawing an amendment to allege use, if one was filed), as no specimen is requiredbefore publication. This option will later necessitate additional fee(s) and filing 
requirements, including a specimen.
 
For an overview of the response options referenced above and instructions on how to satisfy these 
options using the online Trademark Electronic Application System (TEAS) form, see the Specimen 
webpage.
 
Please call or email the assigned trademark examining attorney with questions about this Office action. 
Although an examining attorney cannot provide legal advice, the examining attorney can provide 
additional explanation about the refusal(s) and/or requirement(s) in this Office action. See TMEP 
§§705.02, 709.06.
 
The USPTO does not accept emails as responses to Office actions; however, emails can be used for 
informal communications and are included in the application record. See 37 C.F.R. §§2.62(c), 2.191; 
TMEP §§304.01-.02, 709.04-.05.
 
EXAMINER’S AMENDMENT
 
Application has been amended as shown below.  As agreed to by the individual identified in the 
Priority Action section, the examining attorney has amended the application as shown below.  Please 
notify the examining attorney immediately of any objections.  TMEP §707.  In addition, applicant is 
advised that amendments to the goods and/or services are permitted only if they clarify or limit them; 
amendments that add to or broaden the scope of the goods and/or services are not permitted.  37 C.F.R. 
§2.71(a).  
 
The identification of goods is amended to read as follows: 
 
International Class 011: Humidifiers; Electric bread cookers; Electric footmuffs; Electric hair dryers; 
Electric mug warmers; Electric rotisseries; Electric shoe dryers for household purposes; Fruit roasters; 
Gas-powered deep fat fryers; Microwave ovens for household purposes; Pressure cookers, electric; 
Steam facial apparatus 
 
See TMEP §§1402.01, 1402.01(e).
 
How to respond.  Click to file a response to this nonfinal Office action.
 
 
/Amit Shoor/
(571) 272-7126
amit.shoor@uspto.gov
 
 
RESPONSE GUIDANCE
Missing the response deadline to this letter will cause the application to abandon.  The 
•response must be received by the USPTO before midnight Eastern Time of the last day of the 
response period.  TEAS maintenance or unforeseen circumstances could affect an applicant’s 
ability to timely respond.
Responses signed by an unauthorized party are not accepted and can cause the application to 
abandon.  If applicant does not have an attorney, the response must be signed by the individual 
applicant, all joint applicants, or someone with legal authority to bind a juristic applicant.  If 
applicant has an attorney, the response must be signed by the attorney.
•
If needed, find contact information for the supervisor of the office or unit listed in the 
signature block.
•United States Patent and Trademark Office (USPTO)
USPTO OFFICIAL NOTICE
Office Action (Official Letter) has issued  
on August 23, 2022 for  
U.S. Trademark Application Serial No.  97119055
A USPTO examining attorney has reviewed your trademark application and issued an Office 
action.  You must respond to this Office action in order to avoid your application 
abandoning.  Follow the steps below.
(1)  Read the Office action. This email is NOT the Office action.
(2)  Respond to the Office action by the deadline using the Trademark Electronic Application 
System (TEAS). Your response must be received by the USPTO on or before 11:59 p.m. 
Eastern Time of the last day of the response period. Otherwise, your application will be 
abandoned. See the Office action itself regarding how to respond.
(3)  Direct general questions about using USPTO electronic forms, the USPTO website, the 
application process, the status of your application, and whether there are outstanding deadlines 
to the Trademark Assistance Center (TAC).
After reading the Office action, address any question(s) regarding the specific content to the 
USPTO examining attorney identified in the Office action.
GENERAL GUIDANCE
Check the status of your application periodically in the Trademark Status & 
Document Retrieval (TSDR) database to avoid missing critical deadlines.
•
Update your correspondence email address to ensure you receive important USPTO 
notices about your application.
•
Beware of trademark-related scams. Protect yourself from people and companies that 
may try to take financial advantage of you. Private companies may call you and pretend 
to be the USPTO or may send you communications that resemble official USPTO 
documents to trick you. We will never request your credit card number or social security 
number over the phone. And all official USPTO correspondence will only be emailed 
from the domain “@uspto.gov.” Verify the correspondence originated from us by using 
your Serial Number in our database, TSDR, to confirm that it appears under the 
“Documents” tab, or contact the Trademark Assistance Center. 
•Hiring a U.S.-licensed attorney. If you do not have an attorney and are not required to 
have one under the trademark rules, we encourage you to hire a U.S.-licensed attorney 
specializing in trademark law to help guide you through the registration process. The 
USPTO examining attorney is not your attorney and cannot give you legal advice, but 
rather works for and represents the USPTO in trademark matters.
•Note To The File
FUNMUN
Changed
Issued Examiner's Amendment and Entered Changes
•
EA/PA
•
Discussed file with Attorney/Applicant
via E-Mail
•
CAUTION: This email has originated from a source outside of USPTO.PLEASE CONSIDER THE 
SOURCE before responding, clicking on links, or opening attachments.
 
Dear Attorney Shoor:
 
The applicant agrees to delete all the lighting-related goods as you suggested and only remain below 
goods: 
Humidifiers; Electric bread cookers; Electric footmuffs; Electric hair dryers; Electric mug warmers; 
Electric rotisseries; Electric shoe dryers for household purposes; Fruit roasters; Gas-powered deep 
fat fryers; Microwave ovens for household purposes; Pressure cookers, electric; Steam facial 
apparatus. 
 
Please issue the Official Action for the remaining specimens, and we will provide them.
 
I appreciate your comment. Thank you.
 
Best regards,
Henry Chow
 
Serial Number: 97119055  
Date: 08/23/2022 10:55 am  
Created by: Amit ShoorOn Mon, Aug 22, 2022 at 7:06 AM Shoor, Amit <Amit.Shoor@uspto.gov> wrote:
Dear Mr. Chow,
 
I am the examining attorney at the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office assigned to U.S. Trademark 
Application No. 97119055.  I have reviewed the application, and there are a few issues I wanted to 
discuss.
 
Potential Refusal under Section 2(d) Likelihood of Confusion
 
To avoid a potential Section 2(d) refusal for likelihood of confusion with a registered mark (Reg. No. 
6773251 MOONFUN for goods including light emitting diodes (LEDs)) I propose deleting all the 
lighting related goods in the identification of goods.  The amended identification would read as 
follows:
 
Class 11:              Humidifiers; Electric bread cookers; Electric footmuffs; Electric hair dryers; Electric 
mug warmers; Electric rotisseries; Electric shoe dryers for household purposes; Fruit roasters; Gas-
powered deep fat fryers; Microwave ovens for household purposes; Pressure cookers, electric; 
Steam facial apparatus
 
New Specimen Required
 
If you agree to this change, we would require a new specimen as the lighting goods depicted in the 
specimen would be removed from the application.
 
Please let me know by close of business on Wednesday, August 24 if you approve of my 
suggestionS as described.  If you agree, I can issue an examiner’s amendment/priority action making 
the changes and requiring the new specimen.
 
Best regards,
 
/Amit K. Shoor/ (he/him)
Trademark Examining Attorney
Trademark Law Office 117
United States Patent and Trademark Office571-272-7126
amit.shoor@uspto.gov