To:
SHERAZ ABBASI(sheraz.abbasi@abbasilawoffice.com)
Subject:
U.S. Trademark Application Serial No. 97118645 - HEROGO TV GO 
STREAM - 202103
Sent:
August 23, 2022 01:04:57 PM EDT
Sent As:
tmng.notices@uspto.gov
Attachments
United States Patent and Trademark Office (USPTO) 
Office Action (Official Letter) About Applicant’s Trademark Application
 
U.S. Application Serial No. 97118645
Mark:  HEROGO TV GO STREAM
Correspondence Address:  
SHERAZ ABBASI 
ABBASI LAW OFFICE 
22503 KATY FREEWAY 
KATY TX 77450 UNITED STATES
Applicant:  HEROGO TV LLC
Reference/Docket No. 202103
Correspondence Email Address:  sheraz.abbasi@abbasilawoffice.com
 
 
NONFINAL OFFICE ACTION
 
The USPTO must receive applicant’s response to this letter within six months of the issue date 
below or the application will be abandoned.  Respond using the Trademark Electronic Application 
System (TEAS).  A link to the appropriate TEAS response form appears at the end of this Office 
action.  
Issue date:  August 23, 2022
The referenced application has been reviewed by the assigned trademark examining attorney. Applicant 
must respond timely and completely to the issue(s) below. 15 U.S.C. §1062(b); 37 C.F.R. §§2.62(a), 
2.65(a); TMEP §§711, 718.03.
 
SUMMARY OF ISSUES:Color Drawing with No Color Claim
•
Disclaimer
•
 
SEARCH OF USPTO DATABASE OF MARKS
 
The trademark examining attorney has searched the USPTO database of registered and pending marks 
and has found no conflicting marks that would bar registration under Trademark Act Section 2(d). 15 
U.S.C. §1052(d); TMEP §704.02.
 
Color Drawing with No Color Claim 
Applicant must clarify whether color is a feature of the mark because the drawing shows the mark in 
color but the application includes a statement that color is not a feature of the mark and does not 
include a color claim or description referencing color. See 37 C.F.R. §§2.52, 2.61(b).
 
To clarify whether color is a feature of the mark, applicant may respond by satisfying one of the 
following:
 
(1)       If color is not a feature of the mark, applicant must submit a new drawing 
showing the mark only in black and white. In this case, amending the mark to delete color 
would not be considered a material alteration; however, any other amendments to the 
drawing will not be accepted if they would materially alter the mark. 37 C.F.R. §2.72; see 
TMEP §§807.07(c), 807.14 et seq.
 
(2)       If color is a feature of the mark, applicant must provide a complete list of 
all the colors claimed as a feature of the mark and a description of the literal and design 
elements that specifies where all the colors appear in those elements. 37 C.F.R. §§2.37, 
2.52(b)(1); see TMEP §807.07(a)-(a)(ii). Generic color names must be used to describe the 
colors in the mark, e.g., red, yellow, blue. TMEP §807.07(a)(i)-(ii). If black, white, and/or 
gray are not being claimed as a color feature of the mark, applicant must exclude them 
from the color claim and include in the description a statement that the colors black, white, 
and/or gray represent background, outlining, shading, and/or transparent areas and are not 
part of the mark. See TMEP §807.07(d).
 
The following color claim and description are suggested, if accurate:
 
Color claim: “The colors black, teal and white are claimed as a feature of the mark.”
 
Description: “The mark consists of the following: a the stylized wording HEROGO in 
black, with the letters TV in white inside a teal box to the right. Below is the stylized 
wording  GO STREAM in black written below letter O and extending to the edge of the 
shaded box for letters tv.”
 
See TMEP §807.07(a)(i)-(b).
 
Disclaimer 
Applicant must disclaim the wording “TV” and "STREAM" because it is merely descriptive of a 
feature of applicant’s services, namely, streaming of TV material, per applicant's identification.  See 15 
U.S.C. §1052(e)(1); DuoProSS Meditech Corp. v. Inviro Med. Devices, Ltd., 695 F.3d 1247, 1251, 103USPQ2d 1753, 1755 (Fed. Cir. 2012); TMEP §§1213, 1213.03(a). 
 
Applicant may respond to this issue by submitting a disclaimer in the following format: 
 
No claim is made to the exclusive right to use “TV” and "STREAM" apart from the mark 
as shown. 
 
For an overview of disclaimers and instructions on how to provide one using the Trademark Electronic 
Application System (TEAS), see the Disclaimer webpage. 
 
Assistance 
Please call or email the assigned trademark examining attorney with questions about this Office action. 
Although an examining attorney cannot provide legal advice, the examining attorney can provide 
additional explanation about the refusal(s) and/or requirement(s) in this Office action. See TMEP 
§§705.02, 709.06.
 
The USPTO does not accept emails as responses to Office actions; however, emails can be used for 
informal communications and are included in the application record. See 37 C.F.R. §§2.62(c), 2.191; 
TMEP §§304.01-.02, 709.04-.05.
 
How to respond.  Click to file a response to this nonfinal Office action.
 
 
/Alice Benmaman/
Trademark Examining Attorney 
Law Office 116
(571) 272-9126
alice.benmaman@uspto.gov
 
 
RESPONSE GUIDANCE
Missing the response deadline to this letter will cause the application to abandon.  The 
response must be received by the USPTO before midnight Eastern Time of the last day of the 
response period.  TEAS maintenance or unforeseen circumstances could affect an applicant’s 
ability to timely respond.
•
Responses signed by an unauthorized party are not accepted and can cause the application to 
abandon.  If applicant does not have an attorney, the response must be signed by the individual 
applicant, all joint applicants, or someone with legal authority to bind a juristic applicant.  If 
applicant has an attorney, the response must be signed by the attorney.
•
If needed, find contact information for the supervisor of the office or unit listed in the 
signature block.
•United States Patent and Trademark Office (USPTO)
USPTO OFFICIAL NOTICE
Office Action (Official Letter) has issued  
on August 23, 2022 for  
U.S. Trademark Application Serial No.  97118645
A USPTO examining attorney has reviewed your trademark application and issued an Office 
action.  You must respond to this Office action in order to avoid your application 
abandoning.  Follow the steps below.
(1)  Read the Office action. This email is NOT the Office action.
(2)  Respond to the Office action by the deadline using the Trademark Electronic Application 
System (TEAS). Your response must be received by the USPTO on or before 11:59 p.m. 
Eastern Time of the last day of the response period. Otherwise, your application will be 
abandoned. See the Office action itself regarding how to respond.
(3)  Direct general questions about using USPTO electronic forms, the USPTO website, the 
application process, the status of your application, and whether there are outstanding deadlines 
to the Trademark Assistance Center (TAC).
After reading the Office action, address any question(s) regarding the specific content to the 
USPTO examining attorney identified in the Office action.
GENERAL GUIDANCE
Check the status of your application periodically in the Trademark Status & 
Document Retrieval (TSDR) database to avoid missing critical deadlines.
•
Update your correspondence email address to ensure you receive important USPTO 
notices about your application.
•
Beware of trademark-related scams. Protect yourself from people and companies that 
may try to take financial advantage of you. Private companies may call you and pretend 
to be the USPTO or may send you communications that resemble official USPTO 
documents to trick you. We will never request your credit card number or social security 
number over the phone. And all official USPTO correspondence will only be emailed 
from the domain “@uspto.gov.” Verify the correspondence originated from us by using 
your Serial Number in our database, TSDR, to confirm that it appears under the 
“Documents” tab, or contact the Trademark Assistance Center. 
•Hiring a U.S.-licensed attorney. If you do not have an attorney and are not required to 
have one under the trademark rules, we encourage you to hire a U.S.-licensed attorney 
specializing in trademark law to help guide you through the registration process. The 
USPTO examining attorney is not your attorney and cannot give you legal advice, but 
rather works for and represents the USPTO in trademark matters.
•