To:
Adetiba, Charity T(latchandchill@gmail.com)
Subject:
U.S. Trademark Application Serial No. 97118863 - LATCH AND CHILL
Sent:
August 22, 2022 07:41:40 AM EDT
Sent As:
tmng.notices@uspto.gov
Attachments
United States Patent and Trademark Office (USPTO) 
Office Action (Official Letter) About Applicant’s Trademark Application
 
U.S. Application Serial No. 97118863
Mark:  LATCH AND CHILL
Correspondence Address:  
ADETIBA, CHARITY T 
2807 ALLEN ST #2161 
DALLAS TX 75204 UNITED STATES
Applicant:  Adetiba, Charity T
Reference/Docket No. N/A
Correspondence Email Address:  latchandchill@gmail.com
 
 
NONFINAL OFFICE ACTION
 
The USPTO must receive applicant’s response to this letter within six months of the issue date 
below or the application will be abandoned.  Respond using the Trademark Electronic Application 
System (TEAS).  A link to the appropriate TEAS response form appears at the end of this Office 
action.  
Issue date:  August 22, 2022
Introduction:
 
The referenced application has been reviewed by the assigned trademark examining attorney.  
Applicant must respond timely and completely to the issue(s) below.  15 U.S.C. §1062(b); 37 C.F.R. 
§§2.62(a), 2.65(a); TMEP §§711, 718.03.Search: 
 
The trademark examining attorney has searched the USPTO database of registered and pending marks 
and has found no conflicting marks that would bar registration under Trademark Act Section 2(d). 15 
U.S.C. §1052(d); TMEP §704.02. 
 
SUMMARY OF ISSUES:
 
Domicile Inquiry
•
 
Domicile Inquiry: 
 
Applicant must clarify its domicile street address because the domicile address of record is for a 
third-party commercial mail receiving agency and does not appear to be applicant’s permanent legal 
place of residence or principal place of business. See 37 C.F.R. §§2.11(b), 2.189; TMEP §601.01(b)(1). 
A domicile address must identify either (1) the permanent legal place of residence, which is the place 
an individual applicant resides and intends to be the applicant’s principal home; or (2) the principal 
place of business, which is the juristic applicant’s headquarters where its senior executives or officers 
ordinarily direct and control the entity’s activities.  See 37 C.F.R. §2.2(o)-(p); TMEP §803.05(a).
 
Applications must include an applicant’s domicile address because such domicile determines whether 
an applicant is required to have a U.S.-licensed attorney represent it before the USPTO. See 37 C.F.R. 
§§2.11(a), 2.32(a)(2); TMEP §§601, 803.05. An applicant whose domicile is located outside of the 
United States or its territories must be represented at the USPTO by an attorney who is an active 
member in good standing of the bar of the highest court of a U.S. state or territory. 37 C.F.R. §2.11(a); 
TMEP §601.01(a).
 
In this case, the application lists applicant as an individual and specifies applicant’s domicile address as 
follows: 2807 Allen St #2161 Dallas TEXAS 75204. This address has been identified as a commercial 
mail receiving agency by the U.S. Postal Service Coding Accuracy Support System (CASS) and thus 
does not appear to be the place applicant resides and intends to be applicant’s principal home. See 37 
C.F.R. §2.2(o)-(p); TMEP §601.01(b)(1). A commercial mail receiving agency is a private business 
that accepts mail from the U.S. Postal Service on behalf of third parties.
 
Response options. Applicant must provide its domicile street address. See 37 C.F.R. §§2.32(a)(2), 
2.189; TMEP §803.05. Alternatively, applicant may provide (1) documentation showing that the listed 
U.S. domicile address is, in fact, applicant’s domicile, or (2) a detailed explanation supporting that 
applicant has no fixed physical address. See 37 C.F.R. §2.11(b); TMEP §§601.01(b)-(b)(1), 803.05.
 
If applicant amends the application to list a domicile street address located outside of the United States 
or its territories, applicant must appoint a U.S.-licensed attorney qualified under 37 C.F.R. §11.14 as its 
representative before the application may proceed to registration. See 37 C.F.R. §2.11(a); TMEP 
§601.01(a). See Hiring a U.S.-licensed trademark attorney for more information. However, if applicant 
establishes its domicile street address is located within the United States or its territories, applicant is 
not required to appoint a qualified U.S.-licensed attorney. See TMEP §601.01(b).
 
To provide applicant’s domicile street address. After opening the correct Trademark Electronic 
Application System (TEAS) response form and entering the serial number, (1) answer “yes” to question 
5 and click “Continue;” (2) on the “Owner Information” page, in the “Domicile Address” field,uncheck the box stating the domicile and mailing address are not the same; and (3) below the checkbox 
provide applicant’s domicile street address. Applicant’s domicile street address will be hidden from 
public view if it is entered into the “Domicile Address” field. However, any street address listed in the 
“Mailing Address” field will be publicly viewable.
 
To provide documentation to support a U.S. domicile address. Applicant should provide 
documentation showing the name and listed domicile address of the individual, for example one of the 
following: (1) a current, valid signed rental, lease, or mortgage agreement; (2) a current, valid 
homeowner’s, renter’s, or motor vehicle insurance policy; or (3) a computer-generated bill issued by a 
utility company dated no earlier than 60 days before the application filing date. TMEP §601.01(b)-
(b)(1); see 37 C.F.R. §2.11(b). Submitted documentation must show the name, listed domicile address, 
and the date of the document but should redact other personal and financial information.
 
To provide this documentation, open the correct TEAS response form and enter the serial number, 
answer “yes” to question 3, and on the “Additional Statement(s)” page, below the “Miscellaneous 
Statement” field, click the button below the text box to attach documentation to support the U.S. street 
address.
 
To provide a detailed explanation that applicant has no fixed physical address. If applicant has no 
physical place where applicant resides and intends to be its principal home, applicant should state for 
the record that applicant has no fixed physical address and provide a detailed explanation of the 
circumstances.
 
To provide this explanation, open the correct TEAS response form and enter the serial number, answer 
“yes” to question 3, and on the “Additional Statement(s)” page, in the “Miscellaneous Statement” field, 
enter the referenced explanation in the text box.
 
To appoint a U.S.-licensed attorney in this application, applicant should submit a completed TEAS 
Change Address or Representation form.  The newly-appointed attorney must submit a TEAS Response 
to Examining Attorney Office Action form indicating that an appointment of attorney has been made 
and address all other refusals or requirements in this action, if any.  Alternatively, if applicant retains an 
attorney before filing the response, the attorney can respond to this Office action by using the 
appropriate TEAS response form and provide his or her attorney information in the form and sign it as 
applicant’s attorney.  See 37 C.F.R. §2.17(b)(1)(ii); TMEP §604.01.
 
Questions:
 
Please call or email the assigned trademark examining attorney with questions about this Office action. 
Although an examining attorney cannot provide legal advice, the examining attorney can provide 
additional explanation about the refusal(s) and/or requirement(s) in this Office action. See TMEP 
§§705.02, 709.06.
 
The USPTO does not accept emails as responses to Office actions; however, emails can be used for 
informal communications and are included in the application record. See 37 C.F.R. §§2.62(c), 2.191; 
TMEP §§304.01-.02, 709.04-.05.
 
How to respond.  Click to file a response to this nonfinal Office action./Lourdes Ayala/
Lourdes Ayala
Trademark Examining Attorney 
Law Office 106
(571) 272-9316
lourdes.ayala@uspto.gov
 
 
RESPONSE GUIDANCE
Missing the response deadline to this letter will cause the application to abandon.  The 
response must be received by the USPTO before midnight Eastern Time of the last day of the 
response period.  TEAS maintenance or unforeseen circumstances could affect an applicant’s 
ability to timely respond.
•
Responses signed by an unauthorized party are not accepted and can cause the application to 
abandon.  If applicant does not have an attorney, the response must be signed by the individual 
applicant, all joint applicants, or someone with legal authority to bind a juristic applicant.  If 
applicant has an attorney, the response must be signed by the attorney.
•
If needed, find contact information for the supervisor of the office or unit listed in the 
signature block.
•United States Patent and Trademark Office (USPTO)
USPTO OFFICIAL NOTICE
Office Action (Official Letter) has issued  
on August 22, 2022 for  
U.S. Trademark Application Serial No.  97118863
A USPTO examining attorney has reviewed your trademark application and issued an Office 
action.  You must respond to this Office action in order to avoid your application 
abandoning.  Follow the steps below.
(1)  Read the Office action. This email is NOT the Office action.
(2)  Respond to the Office action by the deadline using the Trademark Electronic Application 
System (TEAS). Your response must be received by the USPTO on or before 11:59 p.m. 
Eastern Time of the last day of the response period. Otherwise, your application will be 
abandoned. See the Office action itself regarding how to respond.
(3)  Direct general questions about using USPTO electronic forms, the USPTO website, the 
application process, the status of your application, and whether there are outstanding deadlines 
to the Trademark Assistance Center (TAC).
After reading the Office action, address any question(s) regarding the specific content to the 
USPTO examining attorney identified in the Office action.
GENERAL GUIDANCE
Check the status of your application periodically in the Trademark Status & 
Document Retrieval (TSDR) database to avoid missing critical deadlines.
•
Update your correspondence email address to ensure you receive important USPTO 
notices about your application.
•
Beware of trademark-related scams. Protect yourself from people and companies that 
may try to take financial advantage of you. Private companies may call you and pretend 
to be the USPTO or may send you communications that resemble official USPTO 
documents to trick you. We will never request your credit card number or social security 
number over the phone. And all official USPTO correspondence will only be emailed 
from the domain “@uspto.gov.” Verify the correspondence originated from us by using 
your Serial Number in our database, TSDR, to confirm that it appears under the 
“Documents” tab, or contact the Trademark Assistance Center. 
•Hiring a U.S.-licensed attorney. If you do not have an attorney and are not required to 
have one under the trademark rules, we encourage you to hire a U.S.-licensed attorney 
specializing in trademark law to help guide you through the registration process. The 
USPTO examining attorney is not your attorney and cannot give you legal advice, but 
rather works for and represents the USPTO in trademark matters.
•