To:
Kent R. Erickson(ekdkdocket@kcpatentlaw.com)
Subject:
U.S. Trademark Application Serial No. 97118527 - DRAGON-LINE MOBILE 
DRIP IRRIGATION - 4962.031
Sent:
August 25, 2022 02:49:17 PM EDT
Sent As:
tmng.notices@uspto.gov
Attachments
screencapture-www-dragonline-net-16614531911401
United States Patent and Trademark Office (USPTO) 
Office Action (Official Letter) About Applicant’s Trademark Application
 
U.S. Application Serial No. 97118527
Mark:  DRAGON-LINE MOBILE DRIP IRRIGATION
Correspondence Address:  
KENT R. ERICKSON 
ERICKSON KERNELL IP, LLC 
8900 STATE LINE ROAD, STE. 500 
LEAWOOD KS 66206 UNITED STATES
Applicant:  Monty J. Teeter
Reference/Docket No. 4962.031
Correspondence Email Address:  ekdkdocket@kcpatentlaw.com
 
 
COMBINED EXAMINER’S AMENDMENT/PRIORITY ACTION 
NONFINAL OFFICE ACTION
 
The USPTO must receive applicant’s response to this letter within six months of the issue date 
below or the application will be abandoned.  Respond using the Trademark Electronic Application 
System (TEAS).  A link to the appropriate TEAS response form appears at the end of this Office 
action.  
Issue date:  August 25, 2022
PRIORITY ACTIONUSPTO database searched; no conflicting marks found.  The trademark examining attorney has 
searched the USPTO database of registered and pending marks and has found no conflicting marks that 
would bar registration under Trademark Act Section 2(d).  15 U.S.C. §1052(d); TMEP §704.02.  
 
Applicant must address issues shown below.  On August 25, 2022, the examining attorney and Kent 
Erickson discussed the issues below.  Applicant must timely respond to these issues.  See 15 U.S.C. 
§1062(b); 37 C.F.R. §2.62(a); TMEP §708.05.  
 
Definite Identification of Goods Requirement
 
Wording in the identification of goods is (1) indefinite and must be clarified, (2) overbroad in that it 
encompasses goods/services in more than one international classification and/or (3) misclassified. See 
TMEP §1402.01. Please see suggested identification below for specific wording that requires 
clarification and/or reclassification.
 
Please note that bolded wording/punctuation indicates a suggested addition(s)/amendment(s) to 
applicant’s current identification to make it definite.   Finally, please note that the suggested 
identification may include additional international classifications and, if applicant adopts these 
suggested identifications, applicant will need to comply with the requirements set forth in the multiple 
class requirements section below.
 
Applicant may substitute the following wording, if accurate: 
 
Class 06:  Mobile irrigation system conversion kit comprised of metal drip irrigation tubing, fluid 
manifolds and conduits, fluid connectors and fittings and adapters, guide and support wires, and 
anchoring and attachment brackets, all used to convert a mobile center pivot or linear movement spray 
irrigation system into a mobile drip irrigation system used by farmers and agricultural product 
producers to water crops growing on a large agricultural field
 
Class 17:  Mobile irrigation system conversion kit comprised of non-metal flexible drip irrigation 
tubing, fluid manifolds and conduits, fluid connectors and fittings and adapters, guide and support 
wires, and anchoring and attachment brackets, all used to convert a mobile center pivot or linear 
movement spray irrigation system into a mobile drip irrigation system used by farmers and agricultural 
product producers to water crops growing on a large agricultural field
 
Class 19:  Mobile irrigation system conversion kit comprised of non-metal rigid drip irrigation 
tubing, fluid manifolds and conduits, fluid connectors and fittings and adapters, guide and support 
wires, and anchoring and attachment brackets, all used to convert a mobile center pivot or linear 
movement spray irrigation system into a mobile drip irrigation system used by farmers and agricultural 
product producers to water crops growing on a large agricultural field
 
Additions to Identification Not Permitted
Applicant’s goods and/or services may be clarified or limited, but may not be expanded beyond those 
originally itemized in the application or as acceptably amended.  See 37 C.F.R. §2.71(a); TMEP 
§1402.06.  Applicant may clarify or limit the identification by inserting qualifying language or deleting 
items to result in a more specific identification; however, applicant may not substitute different goods 
and/or services or add goods and/or services not found or encompassed by those in the original 
application or as acceptably amended.  See TMEP §1402.06(a)-(b).  The scope of the goods and/or 
services sets the outer limit for any changes to the identification and is generally determined by theordinary meaning of the wording in the identification.  TMEP §§1402.06(b), 1402.07(a)-(b).  Any 
acceptable changes to the goods and/or services will further limit scope, and once goods and/or services 
are deleted, they are not permitted to be reinserted.  TMEP §1402.07(e).
 
For assistance with identifying and classifying goods and services in trademark applications, please see 
the USPTO’s online searchable U.S. Acceptable Identification of Goods and Services Manual.  See 
TMEP §1402.04.
 
To expedite prosecution of this trademark application, when amending the identification as required 
above, the Office strongly encourages the applicant to select pre-approved wording contained within 
this manual that accurately describes the goods and/or services therein.  Failure to do so may result in 
delay.
 
Section 1(b) Requirements for Combined Applications
The application identifies goods and/or services in more than one international class; therefore, 
applicant must satisfy all the requirements below for each international class based on Trademark Act 
Section 1(b):
 
(1)        List the goods and/or services by their international class number in 
consecutive numerical order, starting with the lowest numbered class.
 
(2)        Submit a filing fee for each international class not covered by the fee(s) already 
paid (view the USPTO’s current fee schedule).  The application identifies goods and/or 
services that are classified in at least 3 classes; however, applicant submitted a fee(s) 
sufficient for only 1 class(es).  Applicant must either submit the filing fees for the classes 
not covered by the submitted fees or restrict the application to the number of classes 
covered by the fees already paid.
 
See 37 C.F.R. §2.86(a); TMEP §§1403.01, 1403.02(c).
 
For an overview of the requirements for a Section 1(b) multiple-class application and how to satisfy the 
requirements online using the Trademark Electronic Application System (TEAS) form, see the 
Multiple-class Application webpage.
 
Class Fees
The fee for adding classes to a TEAS Standard application is $350 per class.  See 37 C.F.R. 
§2.6(a)(1)(iii).  For more information about adding classes to an application, see the Multiple-class 
Application webpage.
 
 
EXAMINER’S AMENDMENT
 
Application has been amended as shown below.  As agreed to by the individual identified in the 
Priority Action section, the examining attorney has amended the application as shown below.  Please 
notify the examining attorney immediately of any objections.  TMEP §707.  In addition, applicant is 
advised that amendments to the goods and/or services are permitted only if they clarify or limit them; 
amendments that add to or broaden the scope of the goods and/or services are not permitted.  37 C.F.R. 
§2.71(a).DISCLAIMER
 
The following disclaimer statement is added to the record:
 
            No claim is made to the exclusive right to use “MOBILE DRIP IRRIGATION” apart from the 
mark as shown.
 
See 15 U.S.C. §1056(a); TMEP §§1213, 1213.08(a)(i).
 
 
How to respond.  Click to file a response to this nonfinal Office action.
 
 
/William Verhosek/
William Verhosek
Trademark Examining Attorney 
Law Office 114
(571) 272-9464
william.verhosek@uspto.gov
 
 
RESPONSE GUIDANCE
Missing the response deadline to this letter will cause the application to abandon.  The 
response must be received by the USPTO before midnight Eastern Time of the last day of the 
response period.  TEAS maintenance or unforeseen circumstances could affect an applicant’s 
ability to timely respond.
•
Responses signed by an unauthorized party are not accepted and can cause the application to 
abandon.  If applicant does not have an attorney, the response must be signed by the individual 
applicant, all joint applicants, or someone with legal authority to bind a juristic applicant.  If 
applicant has an attorney, the response must be signed by the attorney.
•
If needed, find contact information for the supervisor of the office or unit listed in the 
signature block.
•United States Patent and Trademark Office (USPTO)
USPTO OFFICIAL NOTICE
Office Action (Official Letter) has issued  
on August 25, 2022 for  
U.S. Trademark Application Serial No.  97118527
A USPTO examining attorney has reviewed your trademark application and issued an Office 
action.  You must respond to this Office action in order to avoid your application 
abandoning.  Follow the steps below.
(1)  Read the Office action. This email is NOT the Office action.
(2)  Respond to the Office action by the deadline using the Trademark Electronic Application 
System (TEAS). Your response must be received by the USPTO on or before 11:59 p.m. 
Eastern Time of the last day of the response period. Otherwise, your application will be 
abandoned. See the Office action itself regarding how to respond.
(3)  Direct general questions about using USPTO electronic forms, the USPTO website, the 
application process, the status of your application, and whether there are outstanding deadlines 
to the Trademark Assistance Center (TAC).
After reading the Office action, address any question(s) regarding the specific content to the 
USPTO examining attorney identified in the Office action.
GENERAL GUIDANCE
Check the status of your application periodically in the Trademark Status & 
Document Retrieval (TSDR) database to avoid missing critical deadlines.
•
Update your correspondence email address to ensure you receive important USPTO 
notices about your application.
•
Beware of trademark-related scams. Protect yourself from people and companies that 
may try to take financial advantage of you. Private companies may call you and pretend 
to be the USPTO or may send you communications that resemble official USPTO 
documents to trick you. We will never request your credit card number or social security 
number over the phone. And all official USPTO correspondence will only be emailed 
from the domain “@uspto.gov.” Verify the correspondence originated from us by using 
your Serial Number in our database, TSDR, to confirm that it appears under the 
“Documents” tab, or contact the Trademark Assistance Center. 
•Hiring a U.S.-licensed attorney. If you do not have an attorney and are not required to 
have one under the trademark rules, we encourage you to hire a U.S.-licensed attorney 
specializing in trademark law to help guide you through the registration process. The 
USPTO examining attorney is not your attorney and cannot give you legal advice, but 
rather works for and represents the USPTO in trademark matters.
•