To:
Zhuoyi Ma(abb.pllc@outlook.com)
Subject:
U.S. Trademark Application Serial No. 97118955 - MOOTCOR - BDG
Sent:
August 25, 2022 10:00:55 AM EDT
Sent As:
tmng.notices@uspto.gov
Attachments
United States Patent and Trademark Office (USPTO) 
Office Action (Official Letter) About Applicant’s Trademark Application
 
U.S. Application Serial No. 97118955
Mark:  MOOTCOR
Correspondence Address:  
Zhuoyi Ma 
217 Ashley Forest Rd 
Chapel Hill NC 27514 UNITED STATES
Applicant:  Shenzhen Hengke Electronics Co., Ltd.
Reference/Docket No. BDG
Correspondence Email Address:  abb.pllc@outlook.com
 
 
NONFINAL OFFICE ACTION
 
The USPTO must receive applicant’s response to this letter within six months of the issue date 
below or the application will be abandoned.  Respond using the Trademark Electronic Application 
System (TEAS).  A link to the appropriate TEAS response form appears at the end of this Office 
action.  
Issue date:  August 25, 2022
 
Introduction
 
The referenced application has been reviewed by the assigned trademark examining attorney. Applicant 
must respond timely and completely to the issue(s) below. 15 U.S.C. §1062(b); 37 C.F.R. §§2.62(a), 
2.65(a); TMEP §§711, 718.03.Summary of Issues 
 
Search Results - No Conflicting Marks Found 
•
Refusal – Specimen Unacceptable - Does Not Show Use of the Mark with the Goods
•
 
Search Results - No Conflicting Marks Found 
 
The trademark examining attorney has searched the USPTO database of registered and pending marks 
and has found no conflicting marks that would bar registration under Trademark Act Section 2(d). 15 
U.S.C. §1052(d); TMEP §704.02.
 
Refusal – Specimen Unacceptable - Does Not Show Use of the Mark with the Goods 
 
Specimen does not show use in specific class(es).  Registration is refused because the specimen does 
not show the applied-for mark as actually used in commerce in connection with any of the goods and/or 
services specified in International Class 012.  Trademark Act Sections 1 and 45, 15 U.S.C. §§1051, 
1127; 37 C.F.R. §§2.34(a)(1)(iv), 2.56(a); In re Keep A Breast Found., 123 USPQ2d 1869, 1876-79 
(TTAB 2017); TMEP §§904, 904.07(a), 1301.04(d), (g)(i).  An application based on Trademark Act 
Section 1(a) must include a specimen showing the applied-for mark as actually used in commerce for 
each international class of goods and/or services identified in the application or amendment to allege 
use.  15 U.S.C. §1051(a)(1); 37 C.F.R. §§2.34(a)(1)(iv), 2.56(a); TMEP §§904, 904.07(a); see In re 
Gulf Coast Nutritionals, Inc., 106 USPQ2d 1243, 1247 (TTAB 2013). 
 
In the present case, the specimen consists of screenshots from a website showing an ashtray bearing the 
applied-for mark.  However, the ashtray shown in the specimen does not appear to be an ashtray 
specially designed for use in automobiles.  Rather, the specimen indicates that the ashtray is "portable" 
and could also be used in a "home office."  While ashtrays specially designed for automobiles are 
classified in International Class 012, ashtrays with broader uses are properly classified in International 
Class 034.  Accordingly, registration is refused because the specimen does not show the applied-for 
mark as actually used in commerce in connection with applicant’s goods identified as “Ashtrays for 
automobiles” in the application. 
 
Examples of specimens.  Specimens for goods include a photograph of (1) the actual goods bearing 
the mark; (2) an actual container, packaging, tag or label for the goods bearing the mark; or (3) a point-
of-sale display showing the mark directly associated with the goods.  See 37 C.F.R. §2.56(b)(1), (c); 
TMEP §904.03(a)-(m).  A webpage specimen submitted as a display associated with the goods must 
show the mark in association with a picture or textual description of the goods and include information 
necessary for ordering the goods.  TMEP §904.03(i); see 37 C.F.R. §2.56(b)(1), (c). 
 
Specimens for services must show a direct association between the mark and the services and include:  
(1) copies of advertising and marketing material, (2) a photograph of business signage or billboards, or 
(3) materials showing the mark in the sale, rendering, or advertising of the services.  See 37 C.F.R. 
§2.56(b)(2), (c); TMEP §1301.04(a), (h)(iv)(C). 
 
Any webpage printout or screenshot submitted as a specimen must include the webpage’s URL and the 
date it was accessed or printed on the specimen itself, within the TEAS form that submits the specimen, 
or in a verified statement under 37 C.F.R. §2.20 or 28 U.S.C. §1746 in a later-filed response.  See 37 
C.F.R. §2.56(c); TMEP §§904.03(i), 1301.04(a).Response options.  Applicant may respond to this refusal by satisfying one of the following for each 
applicable international class:
 
(1)  Submit a different specimen (a verified “substitute” specimen) that (a) was in actual use 
in commerce at least as early as the filing date of the application or prior to the filing of an 
amendment to allege use and (b) shows the mark in actual use in commerce for the goods 
and/or services identified in the application or amendment to allege use.  A “verified 
substitute specimen” is a specimen that is accompanied by the following statement made in 
a signed affidavit or supported by a declaration under 37 C.F.R. §2.20:  “The substitute (or 
new, or originally submitted, if appropriate) specimen(s) was/were in use in commerce at 
least as early as the filing date of the application or prior to the filing of the amendment to 
allege use.”  The substitute specimen cannot be accepted without this statement.
 
(2)  Amend the filing basis to intent to use under Section 1(b) (which includes withdrawing 
an amendment to allege use, if one was filed), as no specimen is required before 
publication.  This option will later necessitate additional fee(s) and filing requirements, 
including a specimen.
 
For an overview of the response options referenced above and instructions on how to satisfy these 
options using the online Trademark Electronic Application System (TEAS) form, see the Specimen 
webpage. 
 
Response Options to Refusals 
 
Although applicant’s mark has been refused registration, applicant may respond to the refusal(s) by 
submitting evidence and arguments in support of registration.
 
Response Guidelines
 
Response guidelines. For this application to proceed, applicant must explicitly address each refusal 
and/or requirement in this Office action. For a refusal, applicant may provide written arguments and 
evidence against the refusal, and may have other response options if specified above. For a 
requirement, applicant should set forth the changes or statements. Please see “Responding to Office 
Actions” and the informational video “Response to Office Action” for more information and tips on 
responding.
 
Please call or email the assigned trademark examining attorney with questions about this Office action. 
Although an examining attorney cannot provide legal advice, the examining attorney can provide 
additional explanation about the refusal(s) and/or requirement(s) in this Office action. See TMEP 
§§705.02, 709.06.
 
The USPTO does not accept emails as responses to Office actions; however, emails can be used for 
informal communications and are included in the application record. See 37 C.F.R. §§2.62(c), 2.191; 
TMEP §§304.01-.02, 709.04-.05.How to respond.  Click to file a response to this nonfinal Office action.
 
 
/Daniel L. Flint/
Daniel L. Flint
Trademark Examining Attorney 
Law Office 306
(571) 270-7140
daniel.flint2@uspto.gov
 
 
RESPONSE GUIDANCE
Missing the response deadline to this letter will cause the application to abandon.  The 
response must be received by the USPTO before midnight Eastern Time of the last day of the 
response period.  TEAS maintenance or unforeseen circumstances could affect an applicant’s 
ability to timely respond.
•
Responses signed by an unauthorized party are not accepted and can cause the application to 
abandon.  If applicant does not have an attorney, the response must be signed by the individual 
applicant, all joint applicants, or someone with legal authority to bind a juristic applicant.  If 
applicant has an attorney, the response must be signed by the attorney.
•
If needed, find contact information for the supervisor of the office or unit listed in the 
signature block.
•United States Patent and Trademark Office (USPTO)
USPTO OFFICIAL NOTICE
Office Action (Official Letter) has issued  
on August 25, 2022 for  
U.S. Trademark Application Serial No.  97118955
A USPTO examining attorney has reviewed your trademark application and issued an Office 
action.  You must respond to this Office action in order to avoid your application 
abandoning.  Follow the steps below.
(1)  Read the Office action. This email is NOT the Office action.
(2)  Respond to the Office action by the deadline using the Trademark Electronic Application 
System (TEAS). Your response must be received by the USPTO on or before 11:59 p.m. 
Eastern Time of the last day of the response period. Otherwise, your application will be 
abandoned. See the Office action itself regarding how to respond.
(3)  Direct general questions about using USPTO electronic forms, the USPTO website, the 
application process, the status of your application, and whether there are outstanding deadlines 
to the Trademark Assistance Center (TAC).
After reading the Office action, address any question(s) regarding the specific content to the 
USPTO examining attorney identified in the Office action.
GENERAL GUIDANCE
Check the status of your application periodically in the Trademark Status & 
Document Retrieval (TSDR) database to avoid missing critical deadlines.
•
Update your correspondence email address to ensure you receive important USPTO 
notices about your application.
•
Beware of trademark-related scams. Protect yourself from people and companies that 
may try to take financial advantage of you. Private companies may call you and pretend 
to be the USPTO or may send you communications that resemble official USPTO 
documents to trick you. We will never request your credit card number or social security 
number over the phone. And all official USPTO correspondence will only be emailed 
from the domain “@uspto.gov.” Verify the correspondence originated from us by using 
your Serial Number in our database, TSDR, to confirm that it appears under the 
“Documents” tab, or contact the Trademark Assistance Center. 
•Hiring a U.S.-licensed attorney. If you do not have an attorney and are not required to 
have one under the trademark rules, we encourage you to hire a U.S.-licensed attorney 
specializing in trademark law to help guide you through the registration process. The 
USPTO examining attorney is not your attorney and cannot give you legal advice, but 
rather works for and represents the USPTO in trademark matters.
•