To:
John M. Manion(rkmip@rkmiplaw.com)
Subject:
U.S. Trademark Application Serial No. 97118699 - W WELLS - 1090.24552
Sent:
August 23, 2022 01:13:06 PM EDT
Sent As:
tmng.notices@uspto.gov
Attachments
United States Patent and Trademark Office (USPTO) 
Office Action (Official Letter) About Applicant’s Trademark Application
 
U.S. Application Serial No. 97118699
Mark:  W WELLS
Correspondence Address:  
JOHN M. MANION 
RYAN KROMHOLZ & MANION, S.C. 
P.O. BOX 26618 
MILWAUKEE WI 53226 UNITED STATES
Applicant:  The Wells Companies, Inc.
Reference/Docket No. 1090.24552
Correspondence Email Address:  rkmip@rkmiplaw.com
 
 
NONFINAL OFFICE ACTION
 
The USPTO must receive applicant’s response to this letter within six months of the issue date 
below or the application will be abandoned.  Respond using the Trademark Electronic Application 
System (TEAS).  A link to the appropriate TEAS response form appears at the end of this Office 
action.  
Issue date:  August 23, 2022
The referenced application has been reviewed by the assigned trademark examining attorney. Applicant 
must respond timely and completely to the issue(s) below. 15 U.S.C. §1062(b); 37 C.F.R. §§2.62(a), 
2.65(a); TMEP §§711, 718.03.
 
The trademark examining attorney has searched the USPTO database of registered and pending marksand has found no conflicting marks that would bar registration under Trademark Act Section 2(d). 15 
U.S.C. §1052(d); TMEP §704.02.
 
SUMMARY OF ISSUES:
 
Identifications of Services
•
Advisory - Partial Abandonment
•
 
Identifications of Services
 
The identifications of services are indefinite and must be clarified because additional detail is required 
for the "preconstruction" and "planning" services. The wording "consulting services in the field of 
commercial, industrial, governmental, utility, institutional, educational, recreational, healthcare, 
residential and religious building construction services," is misclassified in CLASS 42.  Building 
construction related consulting related services are properly classified in INT. CLASS 37.  See 37 
C.F.R. §2.32(a)(6); TMEP §1402.01. Applicant must amend the identification to specify the common 
commercial or generic name of the services. See TMEP §1402.01. If the services have no common 
commercial or generic name, applicant must describe or explain the nature of the services using clear 
and succinct language. See id.
 
The following substitute wording is suggested, if appropriate:  (Note that proposed changes have been 
placed in bold type.  Some items require applicant to include more complete information.  These have 
been designated with braces{  } and/or bold type.  The information in the braces is suggested as an 
example for applicant to follow and should not be merely “cut and pasted.”):  
 
International Class 037: Commercial, industrial, governmental, utility, institutional, educational, 
recreational, healthcare, residential and religious building preconstruction and construction 
services, namely, building construction planning and building construction; Commercial, 
industrial, governmental, utility, institutional, educational, recreational, healthcare, residential 
and religious building maintenance services; machinery installation and repair; Construction 
planning services in the field of commercial, industrial, governmental, utility, institutional, 
educational, 
recreational, 
healthcare, 
residential 
and 
religious 
building 
construction 
services; consulting services in the field of commercial, industrial, governmental, utility, 
institutional, educational, recreational, healthcare, residential and religious building 
construction services
 
•
International Class 042: Architectural design and engineering services; conceptual design of 
commercial, industrial, governmental, utility, institutional, educational, recreational, healthcare, 
residential and religious buildings 
 
•
Applicant may amend the identification to clarify or limit the goods and/or services, but not to broaden 
or expand the goods and/or services beyond those in the original application or as acceptably amended. 
See 37 C.F.R. §2.71(a); TMEP §1402.06. Generally, any deleted goods and/or services may not later be 
reinserted. See TMEP §1402.07(e).
 
For assistance with identifying and classifying goods and services in trademark applications, please seethe USPTO’s online searchable U.S. Acceptable Identification of Goods and Services Manual. See 
TMEP §1402.04.
 
The USPTO has the discretion to determine the degree of particularity needed to clearly identify goods 
and/or services covered by a mark. In re SICPA Holding, 2021 USPQ2d 613, at *4 (TTAB 2021) 
(quoting In re Omega SA, 494 F.3d 1362, 1365, 83 USPQ2d 1541, 1543-44 (Fed. Cir. 2007)). 
Accordingly, the USPTO requires the description of goods and/or services in a U.S. application to be 
specific, definite, clear, accurate, and concise. In re tapio GmbH, 2020 USPQ2d 11387, at *6 (TTAB 
2020) (quoting In re Cordua Rests., Inc., 823 F.3d 594, 605, 118 USPQ2d 1632, 1639 (Fed. Circ. 
2016)); TMEP §1402.01.
 
Advisory - Partial Abandonment
 
If applicant does not respond to this Office action within the six-month period for response, the 
following goods and/or services in International Classes 37 and 42 will be deleted from the application: 
Commercial, industrial, governmental, utility, institutional, educational, recreational, healthcare, 
residential and religious building preconstruction and construction services; planning services in the 
field of commercial, industrial, governmental, utility, institutional, educational, recreational, healthcare, 
residential and religious building construction services  (CLASS 37); Consulting services in the field of 
commercial, industrial, governmental, utility, institutional, educational, recreational, healthcare, 
residential and religious building construction services (CLASS 42). The application will then proceed 
with the following goods and/or services in International Classes 37 and 42 only: Commercial, 
industrial, governmental, utility, institutional, educational, recreational, healthcare, residential 
and religious building maintenance services (CLASS 37); Architectural design and engineering 
services; conceptual design of commercial, industrial, governmental, utility, institutional, 
educational, recreational, healthcare, residential and religious buildings (CLASS 42). See 37 
C.F.R. §2.65(a)-(a)(1); TMEP §718.02(a).
 
Please call or email the assigned trademark examining attorney with questions about this Office action. 
Although an examining attorney cannot provide legal advice, the examining attorney can provide 
additional explanation about the refusal(s) and/or requirement(s) in this Office action. See TMEP 
§§705.02, 709.06.
 
The USPTO does not accept emails as responses to Office actions; however, emails can be used for 
informal communications and are included in the application record. See 37 C.F.R. §§2.62(c), 2.191; 
TMEP §§304.01-.02, 709.04-.05.
 
How to respond.  Click to file a response to this nonfinal Office action./Curtis French/
Curtis French
Trademark Examining Attorney 
Law Office 115
(571) 272-9472
curtis.french@uspto.gov
 
 
RESPONSE GUIDANCE
Missing the response deadline to this letter will cause the application to abandon.  The 
response must be received by the USPTO before midnight Eastern Time of the last day of the 
response period.  TEAS maintenance or unforeseen circumstances could affect an applicant’s 
ability to timely respond.
•
Responses signed by an unauthorized party are not accepted and can cause the application to 
abandon.  If applicant does not have an attorney, the response must be signed by the individual 
applicant, all joint applicants, or someone with legal authority to bind a juristic applicant.  If 
applicant has an attorney, the response must be signed by the attorney.
•
If needed, find contact information for the supervisor of the office or unit listed in the 
signature block.
•United States Patent and Trademark Office (USPTO)
USPTO OFFICIAL NOTICE
Office Action (Official Letter) has issued  
on August 23, 2022 for  
U.S. Trademark Application Serial No.  97118699
A USPTO examining attorney has reviewed your trademark application and issued an Office 
action.  You must respond to this Office action in order to avoid your application 
abandoning.  Follow the steps below.
(1)  Read the Office action. This email is NOT the Office action.
(2)  Respond to the Office action by the deadline using the Trademark Electronic Application 
System (TEAS). Your response must be received by the USPTO on or before 11:59 p.m. 
Eastern Time of the last day of the response period. Otherwise, your application will be 
abandoned. See the Office action itself regarding how to respond.
(3)  Direct general questions about using USPTO electronic forms, the USPTO website, the 
application process, the status of your application, and whether there are outstanding deadlines 
to the Trademark Assistance Center (TAC).
After reading the Office action, address any question(s) regarding the specific content to the 
USPTO examining attorney identified in the Office action.
GENERAL GUIDANCE
Check the status of your application periodically in the Trademark Status & 
Document Retrieval (TSDR) database to avoid missing critical deadlines.
•
Update your correspondence email address to ensure you receive important USPTO 
notices about your application.
•
Beware of trademark-related scams. Protect yourself from people and companies that 
may try to take financial advantage of you. Private companies may call you and pretend 
to be the USPTO or may send you communications that resemble official USPTO 
documents to trick you. We will never request your credit card number or social security 
number over the phone. And all official USPTO correspondence will only be emailed 
from the domain “@uspto.gov.” Verify the correspondence originated from us by using 
your Serial Number in our database, TSDR, to confirm that it appears under the 
“Documents” tab, or contact the Trademark Assistance Center. 
•Hiring a U.S.-licensed attorney. If you do not have an attorney and are not required to 
have one under the trademark rules, we encourage you to hire a U.S.-licensed attorney 
specializing in trademark law to help guide you through the registration process. The 
USPTO examining attorney is not your attorney and cannot give you legal advice, but 
rather works for and represents the USPTO in trademark matters.
•