To:
Rosezena J Pierce(rosezena@rjpiercelaw.com)
Subject:
U.S. Trademark Application Serial No. 97118644 - SEVEN FIGURE SOLAR
Sent:
August 23, 2022 09:09:05 AM EDT
Sent As:
tmng.notices@uspto.gov
Attachments
United States Patent and Trademark Office (USPTO) 
Office Action (Official Letter) About Applicant’s Trademark Application
 
U.S. Application Serial No. 97118644
Mark:  SEVEN FIGURE SOLAR
Correspondence Address:  
ROSEZENA J PIERCE 
R.J. PIERCE LAW GROUP 
205 N MICHIGAN AVE, SUITE 810 
CHICAGO IL 60601 UNITED STATES
Applicant:  SEVEN FIGURE SOLAR L.L.C.
Reference/Docket No. N/A
Correspondence Email Address:  rosezena@rjpiercelaw.com
 
 
NONFINAL OFFICE ACTION
 
The USPTO must receive applicant’s response to this letter within six months of the issue date 
below or the application will be abandoned.  Respond using the Trademark Electronic Application 
System (TEAS).  A link to the appropriate TEAS response form appears at the end of this Office 
action.  
Issue date:  August 23, 2022
The referenced application has been reviewed by the assigned trademark examining attorney. Applicant 
must respond timely and completely to the issue(s) below. 15 U.S.C. §1062(b); 37 C.F.R. §§2.62(a), 
2.65(a); TMEP §§711, 718.03.
 
SUMMARY OF ISSUES:Recitation of Services
•
Disclaimer
•
Significance of Wording 
•
 
SEARCH OF USPTO DATABASE OF MARKS
 
The trademark examining attorney has searched the USPTO database of registered and pending marks 
and has found no conflicting marks that would bar registration under Trademark Act Section 2(d). 15 
U.S.C. §1052(d); TMEP §704.02.
 
Recitation of Services 
The wording “solar energy companies” in the identification of services is indefinite and must be 
clarified because it does not specify a particular field. See 37 C.F.R. §2.32(a)(6); TMEP §1402.01. 
Applicant must amend this wording to specify the common commercial or generic name of the 
services. See TMEP §1402.01. If the services have no common commercial or generic name, applicant 
must describe or explain the nature of the services using clear and succinct language. See id.
 
Applicant may substitute the following wording, if accurate: Market research services in the field of 
Solar Energy; Marketing research services in the field of Solar Energy; Marketing services; Marketing 
services in the field of Solar Energy; Marketing the goods and services of others; Advertising and 
marketing; Advertising and marketing consultancy; Advertising, marketing and promotion services; 
Advertising, marketing and promotion services in the field of Solar Energy; Business marketing 
services; Business to business direct marketing services; Creative marketing plan development 
services; Direct marketing advertising for others; Direct marketing consulting services; Direct 
marketing services; On-line advertising and marketing services; Online advertising and marketing 
services in the field of Solar Energy; Providing marketing information via a website; Providing 
marketing services for Solar Energy industries; Targeted marketing services.
 
Applicant may amend the identification to clarify or limit the services, but not to broaden or expand the 
services beyond those in the original application or as acceptably amended. See 37 C.F.R. §2.71(a); 
TMEP §1402.06. Generally, any deleted services may not later be reinserted. See TMEP §1402.07(e).
 
ID Manual Online 
For assistance with identifying and classifying goods and services in trademark applications, please see 
the USPTO’s online searchable U.S. Acceptable Identification of Goods and Services Manual. See 
TMEP §1402.04.
 
Disclaimer 
Applicant must disclaim the wording “SOLAR” because it is merely descriptive of the field of 
applicant’s services, namely, marketing in the field of solar energy, per applciant's identification.  See 
15 U.S.C. §1052(e)(1); DuoProSS Meditech Corp. v. Inviro Med. Devices, Ltd., 695 F.3d 1247, 1251, 
103 USPQ2d 1753, 1755 (Fed. Cir. 2012); TMEP §§1213, 1213.03(a). 
 
Applicant may respond to this issue by submitting a disclaimer in the following format: 
 
No claim is made to the exclusive right to use “SOLAR” apart from the mark as shown. 
 
For an overview of disclaimers and instructions on how to provide one using the Trademark ElectronicApplication System (TEAS), see the Disclaimer webpage. 
 
Significance of Wording 
To permit proper examination of the application, applicant must explain whether the wording “SEVEN 
FIGURE” in the mark has any significance in the trade or industry or as applied to applicant’s services, 
or if such wording is a term of art within applicant’s industry. See 37 C.F.R. §2.61(b); TMEP §814. If 
the wording has no significance and is not a term of art in the relevant trade or industry or as used with 
applicant’s services, applicant must provide a statement to that effect. See 37 C.F.R. §2.61(b); TMEP 
§814.
 
To respond to this requirement for information, open the appropriate Trademark Electronic Application 
System (TEAS) response form and enter the serial number, answer “yes” to question 3, and provide the 
information on the “Additional Statement(s)” page in the “Significance of Wording, Letter(s), or 
Numeral(s)” text box(es) in the form.
 
Failure to comply with a requirement for information is an independent ground for refusing 
registration. In re SICPA Holding SA, 2021 USPQ2d 613, at *6 (TTAB 2021) (citing In re 
Cheezwhse.com, Inc., 85 USPQ2d 1917, 1919 (TTAB 2008); In re DTI P’ship LLP, 67 USPQ2d 1699, 
1701-02 (TTAB 2003); TMEP §814).
 
Assistance 
Please call or email the assigned trademark examining attorney with questions about this Office action. 
Although an examining attorney cannot provide legal advice, the examining attorney can provide 
additional explanation about the refusal(s) and/or requirement(s) in this Office action. See TMEP 
§§705.02, 709.06.
 
The USPTO does not accept emails as responses to Office actions; however, emails can be used for 
informal communications and are included in the application record. See 37 C.F.R. §§2.62(c), 2.191; 
TMEP §§304.01-.02, 709.04-.05.
 
How to respond.  Click to file a response to this nonfinal Office action.
 
 
/Alice Benmaman/
Trademark Examining Attorney 
Law Office 116
(571) 272-9126
alice.benmaman@uspto.gov
 
 
RESPONSE GUIDANCE
Missing the response deadline to this letter will cause the application to abandon.  The 
response must be received by the USPTO before midnight Eastern Time of the last day of the 
response period.  TEAS maintenance or unforeseen circumstances could affect an applicant’s 
•ability to timely respond.
Responses signed by an unauthorized party are not accepted and can cause the application to 
abandon.  If applicant does not have an attorney, the response must be signed by the individual 
applicant, all joint applicants, or someone with legal authority to bind a juristic applicant.  If 
applicant has an attorney, the response must be signed by the attorney.
•
If needed, find contact information for the supervisor of the office or unit listed in the 
signature block.
•United States Patent and Trademark Office (USPTO)
USPTO OFFICIAL NOTICE
Office Action (Official Letter) has issued  
on August 23, 2022 for  
U.S. Trademark Application Serial No.  97118644
A USPTO examining attorney has reviewed your trademark application and issued an Office 
action.  You must respond to this Office action in order to avoid your application 
abandoning.  Follow the steps below.
(1)  Read the Office action. This email is NOT the Office action.
(2)  Respond to the Office action by the deadline using the Trademark Electronic Application 
System (TEAS). Your response must be received by the USPTO on or before 11:59 p.m. 
Eastern Time of the last day of the response period. Otherwise, your application will be 
abandoned. See the Office action itself regarding how to respond.
(3)  Direct general questions about using USPTO electronic forms, the USPTO website, the 
application process, the status of your application, and whether there are outstanding deadlines 
to the Trademark Assistance Center (TAC).
After reading the Office action, address any question(s) regarding the specific content to the 
USPTO examining attorney identified in the Office action.
GENERAL GUIDANCE
Check the status of your application periodically in the Trademark Status & 
Document Retrieval (TSDR) database to avoid missing critical deadlines.
•
Update your correspondence email address to ensure you receive important USPTO 
notices about your application.
•
Beware of trademark-related scams. Protect yourself from people and companies that 
may try to take financial advantage of you. Private companies may call you and pretend 
to be the USPTO or may send you communications that resemble official USPTO 
documents to trick you. We will never request your credit card number or social security 
number over the phone. And all official USPTO correspondence will only be emailed 
from the domain “@uspto.gov.” Verify the correspondence originated from us by using 
your Serial Number in our database, TSDR, to confirm that it appears under the 
“Documents” tab, or contact the Trademark Assistance Center. 
•Hiring a U.S.-licensed attorney. If you do not have an attorney and are not required to 
have one under the trademark rules, we encourage you to hire a U.S.-licensed attorney 
specializing in trademark law to help guide you through the registration process. The 
USPTO examining attorney is not your attorney and cannot give you legal advice, but 
rather works for and represents the USPTO in trademark matters.
•