To:
WILLIAM SCOTT GOLDMAN(wsg@goldmanlawgroup.com)
Subject:
U.S. Trademark Application Serial No. 97119724 - EMERGENTX
Sent:
August 26, 2022 04:38:00 PM EDT
Sent As:
tmng.notices@uspto.gov
Attachments
United States Patent and Trademark Office (USPTO) 
Office Action (Official Letter) About Applicant’s Trademark Application
 
U.S. Application Serial No. 97119724
Mark:  EMERGENTX
Correspondence Address:  
WILLIAM SCOTT GOLDMAN 
GOLDMAN LAW GROUP 
1300 PENNSYLVANIA AVE., N.W.; STE. 700 
WASHINGTON DC 20004 UNITED STATES
Applicant:  EmergentX Pte. Ltd.
Reference/Docket No. N/A
Correspondence Email Address:  wsg@goldmanlawgroup.com
 
 
NONFINAL OFFICE ACTION
 
The USPTO must receive applicant’s response to this letter within six months of the issue date 
below or the application will be abandoned.  Respond using the Trademark Electronic Application 
System (TEAS).  A link to the appropriate TEAS response form appears at the end of this Office 
action.  
Issue date:  August 26, 2022
The referenced application has been reviewed by the assigned trademark examining attorney. Applicant 
must respond timely and completely to the issue(s) below. 15 U.S.C. §1062(b); 37 C.F.R. §§2.62(a), 
2.65(a); TMEP §§711, 718.03.
 
SUMMARY OF ISSUES:Identification and Classification of Services Requirement
•
Clarification of Number of Classes for which Registration Is Sought Requirement
•
 
SEARCH OF USPTO DATABASE OF MARKS
 
The trademark examining attorney has searched the USPTO database of registered and pending marks 
and has found no conflicting marks that would bar registration under Trademark Act Section 2(d). 15 
U.S.C. §1052(d); TMEP §704.02.
 
IDENTIFICATION AND CLASSIFICATION OF SERVICES REQUIREMENT
 
Applicant must clarify the wording “Research, development and support in the fields of AI (artificial 
intelligence), drones, finance, governance” in the identification of services in International Class(es) 42 
because it is indefinite and too broad. See 37 C.F.R. §2.32(a)(6); TMEP §§1402.01, 1402.03. This 
wording is indefinite because it does not make clear what the services, particularly the nature of the 
support services and the types of research. Further, this wording could identify services in more than 
one international class. For example, financial research is in International Class 36, scientific and 
technological research and development in the fields of AI (artificial intelligence) and drones are in 
International Class 42, and "providing a website featuring information on the development of privacy, 
security and data governance law" is in Class 45.
 
Applicant may adopt the following identification of services, if accurate:
 
International 
Class 
36: Research, 
development, 
and 
support 
in 
the 
field 
of 
finance, namely, financial research 
•
International Class 42: Scientific and technological research and development in the fields of 
AI (artificial intelligence) and drones, and technical support services, namely, troubleshooting 
in the nature of diagnosing computer hardware and software problems in the fields of AI 
(artificial intelligence) and drones
•
International Class 45: Research and development in the field of governance, namely, {specify 
nature of services, e.g., providing a website featuring information on the development of data 
governance law, etc.} 
•
 
Applicant may amend the identification to clarify or limit the goods and/or services, but not to broaden 
or expand the goods and/or services beyond those in the original application or as acceptably amended. 
See 37 C.F.R. §2.71(a); TMEP §1402.06. Generally, any deleted goods and/or services may not later be 
reinserted. See TMEP §1402.07(e).
 
For assistance with identifying and classifying goods and services in trademark applications, please see 
the USPTO’s online searchable U.S. Acceptable Identification of Goods and Services Manual. See 
TMEP §1402.04.
 
CLARIFICATION OF NUMBER OF CLASSES FOR WHICH REGISTRATION IS SOUGHT 
REQUIREMENT
 
The application references goods and/or services based on use in commerce in more than one 
international class; therefore, applicant must satisfy all the requirements below for each international 
class:(1)        List the goods and/or services by their international class number in 
consecutive numerical order, starting with the lowest numbered class (for example, 
International Class 3: perfume; International Class 18: cosmetic bags sold empty).
 
(2)        Submit a filing fee for each international class not covered by the fee(s) 
already paid (view the USPTO’s current fee schedule). Specifically, the application 
identifies goods and/or services based on use in commerce that are classified in at least 3 
classes; however, applicant submitted a fee(s) sufficient for only 1 class(es). Applicant 
must either (a) submit the filing fees for the classes not covered by the submitted fees or 
(b) restrict the application to the number of classes covered by the fees already paid.
 
(3)        Submit verified dates of first use of the mark anywhere and in commerce 
for each international class. See more information about verified dates of use.
 
(4)        Submit a specimen for each international class. The current specimen is 
acceptable for class(es) 42; and applicant needs a specimen for class(es) 36 and 45. See 
more information about specimens.
 
Examples of specimens.  Specimens for goods include a photograph of (1) the actual 
goods bearing the mark; (2) an actual container, packaging, tag or label for the goods 
bearing the mark; or (3) a point-of-sale display showing the mark directly associated with 
the goods.  See 37 C.F.R. §2.56(b)(1), (c); TMEP §904.03(a)-(m).  A webpage specimen 
submitted as a display associated with the goods must show the mark in association with a 
picture or textual description of the goods and include information necessary for ordering 
the goods.  TMEP §904.03(i); see 37 C.F.R. §2.56(b)(1), (c). 
 
Specimens for services must show a direct association between the mark and the services 
and include: (1) copies of advertising and marketing material, (2) a photograph of business 
signage or billboards, or (3) materials showing the mark in the sale, rendering, or 
advertising of the services.  See 37 C.F.R. §2.56(b)(2), (c); TMEP §1301.04(a), (h)(iv)(C). 
 
Any webpage printout or screenshot submitted as a specimen must include the webpage’s 
URL and the date it was accessed or printed on the specimen itself, within the TEAS form 
that submits the specimen, or in a verified statement under 37 C.F.R. §2.20 or 28 U.S.C. 
§1746 in a later-filed response. See 37 C.F.R. §2.56(c); TMEP §§904.03(i), 1301.04(a).
 
(5)        Submit a verified statement that “The specimen was in use in commerce 
on or in connection with the goods and/or services listed in the application at least as 
early as the filing date of the application.” See more information about verification.
 
See 37 C.F.R. §2.86(a); TMEP §§1403.01, 1403.02(c).
 
For an overview of the requirements for a Section 1(a) multiple-class application and how to satisfy the 
requirements online using the Trademark Electronic Application System (TEAS) form, see the 
Multiple-class Application webpage.
 
The fee for adding classes to a TEAS Standard application is $350 per class. See 37 C.F.R. 
§2.6(a)(1)(iii). For more information about adding classes to an application, see the Multiple-classApplication webpage.
 
RESPONSE GUIDELINES 
 
Response guidelines. For this application to proceed, applicant must explicitly address each refusal 
and/or requirement in this Office action. For a refusal, applicant may provide written arguments and 
evidence against the refusal, and may have other response options if specified above. For a 
requirement, applicant should set forth the changes or statements. Please see “Responding to Office 
Actions” and the informational video “Response to Office Action” for more information and tips on 
responding.
 
Please call or email the assigned trademark examining attorney with questions about this Office action. 
Although an examining attorney cannot provide legal advice, the examining attorney can provide 
additional explanation about the refusal(s) and/or requirement(s) in this Office action. See TMEP 
§§705.02, 709.06.
 
The USPTO does not accept emails as responses to Office actions; however, emails can be used for 
informal communications and are included in the application record. See 37 C.F.R. §§2.62(c), 2.191; 
TMEP §§304.01-.02, 709.04-.05.
 
How to respond.  Click to file a response to this nonfinal Office action.
 
 
/Marynelle Wilson/
(571) 272-7978
marynelle.wilson@uspto.gov
 
 
RESPONSE GUIDANCE
Missing the response deadline to this letter will cause the application to abandon.  The 
response must be received by the USPTO before midnight Eastern Time of the last day of the 
response period.  TEAS maintenance or unforeseen circumstances could affect an applicant’s 
ability to timely respond.
•
Responses signed by an unauthorized party are not accepted and can cause the application to 
abandon.  If applicant does not have an attorney, the response must be signed by the individual 
applicant, all joint applicants, or someone with legal authority to bind a juristic applicant.  If 
applicant has an attorney, the response must be signed by the attorney.
•
If needed, find contact information for the supervisor of the office or unit listed in the 
signature block.
•United States Patent and Trademark Office (USPTO)
USPTO OFFICIAL NOTICE
Office Action (Official Letter) has issued  
on August 26, 2022 for  
U.S. Trademark Application Serial No.  97119724
A USPTO examining attorney has reviewed your trademark application and issued an Office 
action.  You must respond to this Office action in order to avoid your application 
abandoning.  Follow the steps below.
(1)  Read the Office action. This email is NOT the Office action.
(2)  Respond to the Office action by the deadline using the Trademark Electronic Application 
System (TEAS). Your response must be received by the USPTO on or before 11:59 p.m. 
Eastern Time of the last day of the response period. Otherwise, your application will be 
abandoned. See the Office action itself regarding how to respond.
(3)  Direct general questions about using USPTO electronic forms, the USPTO website, the 
application process, the status of your application, and whether there are outstanding deadlines 
to the Trademark Assistance Center (TAC).
After reading the Office action, address any question(s) regarding the specific content to the 
USPTO examining attorney identified in the Office action.
GENERAL GUIDANCE
Check the status of your application periodically in the Trademark Status & 
Document Retrieval (TSDR) database to avoid missing critical deadlines.
•
Update your correspondence email address to ensure you receive important USPTO 
notices about your application.
•
Beware of trademark-related scams. Protect yourself from people and companies that 
may try to take financial advantage of you. Private companies may call you and pretend 
to be the USPTO or may send you communications that resemble official USPTO 
documents to trick you. We will never request your credit card number or social security 
number over the phone. And all official USPTO correspondence will only be emailed 
from the domain “@uspto.gov.” Verify the correspondence originated from us by using 
your Serial Number in our database, TSDR, to confirm that it appears under the 
“Documents” tab, or contact the Trademark Assistance Center. 
•Hiring a U.S.-licensed attorney. If you do not have an attorney and are not required to 
have one under the trademark rules, we encourage you to hire a U.S.-licensed attorney 
specializing in trademark law to help guide you through the registration process. The 
USPTO examining attorney is not your attorney and cannot give you legal advice, but 
rather works for and represents the USPTO in trademark matters.
•