To:
Zapata, Gregory(raza.blaze.718@gmail.com)
Subject:
U.S. Trademark Application Serial No. 97119829 -
Sent:
August 24, 2022 05:05:40 PM EDT
Sent As:
tmng.notices@uspto.gov
Attachments
United States Patent and Trademark Office (USPTO) 
Office Action (Official Letter) About Applicant’s Trademark Application
 
U.S. Application Serial No. 97119829
Mark:  
Correspondence Address:  
ZAPATA, GREGORY 
12 WOODBRIDGE TER #B 
WOODBRIDGE NJ 07095 UNITED STATES
Applicant:  Zapata, Gregory
Reference/Docket No. N/A
Correspondence Email Address:  raza.blaze.718@gmail.com
 
 
NONFINAL OFFICE ACTION
 
The USPTO must receive applicant’s response to this letter within six months of the issue date 
below or the application will be abandoned.  Respond using the Trademark Electronic Application 
System (TEAS).  A link to the appropriate TEAS response form appears at the end of this Office 
action.  
Issue date:  August 24, 2022
The referenced application has been reviewed by the assigned trademark examining attorney. Applicant 
must respond timely and completely to the issue(s) below. 15 U.S.C. §1062(b); 37 C.F.R. §§2.62(a), 
2.65(a); TMEP §§711, 718.03.
 
SEARCH OF USPTO DATABASE OF MARKSThe trademark examining attorney has searched the USPTO database of registered and pending marks 
and has found no conflicting marks that would bar registration under Trademark Act Section 2(d). 15 
U.S.C. §1052(d); TMEP §704.02.
 
SUMMARY OF ISSUES: 
Amended Identification of Services Required
•
 
AMENDED IDENTIFICATION OF GOOD/SERVICES REQUIRED
 
The identification of services is indefinite and must be clarified because the nature of the services is 
unclear. See 37 C.F.R. §2.32(a)(6); TMEP §1402.01.  
Applicant may adopt the following identification, if accurate (bold indicates modified language, 
strikethroughs indicate deletions):
 
International Class 41: Music production services, namely, production of custom beats and mixing 
of music; that will include custom beats ,production services and mixing services as it relates to music. 
educational 
services, 
namely, 
providing 
online non-downloadable tutorials and online non-
downloadable video explanations on in the field of music production. 
 
Applicant’s services may be clarified or limited, but may not be expanded beyond those originally 
itemized in the application or as acceptably amended. See 37 C.F.R. §2.71(a); TMEP §1402.06. 
Applicant may clarify or limit the identification by inserting qualifying language or deleting items to 
result in a more specific identification; however, applicant may not substitute different services or add 
services not found or encompassed by those in the original application or as acceptably amended. See 
TMEP §1402.06(a)-(b). The scope of the goods and/or services sets the outer limit for any changes to 
the identification and is generally determined by the ordinary meaning of the wording in the 
identification. TMEP §§1402.06(b), 1402.07(a)-(b). Any acceptable changes to the services will further 
limit scope, and once services are deleted, they are not permitted to be reinserted. TMEP §1402.07(e).
 
For assistance with identifying and classifying goods and services in trademark applications, please see 
the USPTO’s online searchable U.S. Acceptable Identification of Goods and Services Manual. See 
TMEP §1402.04.
 
TRADEMARK COUNSEL RECOMMENDED
 
Because of the legal technicalities and strict deadlines of the trademark application process, applicant is 
encouraged to hire a private attorney who specializes in trademark matters to assist in this process. The 
assigned trademark examining attorney can provide only limited assistance explaining the content of an 
Office action and the application process. USPTO staff cannot provide legal advice or statements about 
an applicant’s legal rights. TMEP §§705.02, 709.06. See Hiring a U.S.-licensed trademark attorney for 
more information.
 
CONTACT INFORMATION
 
Please call or email the assigned trademark examining attorney with questions about this Office action. 
Although an examining attorney cannot provide legal advice, the examining attorney can provide 
additional explanation about the refusal(s) and/or requirement(s) in this Office action. See TMEP 
§§705.02, 709.06.The USPTO does not accept emails as responses to Office actions; however, emails can be used for 
informal communications and are included in the application record. See 37 C.F.R. §§2.62(c), 2.191; 
TMEP §§304.01-.02, 709.04-.05.
 
How to respond.  Click to file a response to this nonfinal Office action.
 
 
/Theodore Sotland/
Theodore Sotland
(571) 270-0864
theodore.sotland@uspto.gov
 
 
RESPONSE GUIDANCE
Missing the response deadline to this letter will cause the application to abandon.  The 
response must be received by the USPTO before midnight Eastern Time of the last day of the 
response period.  TEAS maintenance or unforeseen circumstances could affect an applicant’s 
ability to timely respond.
•
Responses signed by an unauthorized party are not accepted and can cause the application to 
abandon.  If applicant does not have an attorney, the response must be signed by the individual 
applicant, all joint applicants, or someone with legal authority to bind a juristic applicant.  If 
applicant has an attorney, the response must be signed by the attorney.
•
If needed, find contact information for the supervisor of the office or unit listed in the 
signature block.
•United States Patent and Trademark Office (USPTO)
USPTO OFFICIAL NOTICE
Office Action (Official Letter) has issued  
on August 24, 2022 for  
U.S. Trademark Application Serial No.  97119829
A USPTO examining attorney has reviewed your trademark application and issued an Office 
action.  You must respond to this Office action in order to avoid your application 
abandoning.  Follow the steps below.
(1)  Read the Office action. This email is NOT the Office action.
(2)  Respond to the Office action by the deadline using the Trademark Electronic Application 
System (TEAS). Your response must be received by the USPTO on or before 11:59 p.m. 
Eastern Time of the last day of the response period. Otherwise, your application will be 
abandoned. See the Office action itself regarding how to respond.
(3)  Direct general questions about using USPTO electronic forms, the USPTO website, the 
application process, the status of your application, and whether there are outstanding deadlines 
to the Trademark Assistance Center (TAC).
After reading the Office action, address any question(s) regarding the specific content to the 
USPTO examining attorney identified in the Office action.
GENERAL GUIDANCE
Check the status of your application periodically in the Trademark Status & 
Document Retrieval (TSDR) database to avoid missing critical deadlines.
•
Update your correspondence email address to ensure you receive important USPTO 
notices about your application.
•
Beware of trademark-related scams. Protect yourself from people and companies that 
may try to take financial advantage of you. Private companies may call you and pretend 
to be the USPTO or may send you communications that resemble official USPTO 
documents to trick you. We will never request your credit card number or social security 
number over the phone. And all official USPTO correspondence will only be emailed 
from the domain “@uspto.gov.” Verify the correspondence originated from us by using 
your Serial Number in our database, TSDR, to confirm that it appears under the 
“Documents” tab, or contact the Trademark Assistance Center. 
•Hiring a U.S.-licensed attorney. If you do not have an attorney and are not required to 
have one under the trademark rules, we encourage you to hire a U.S.-licensed attorney 
specializing in trademark law to help guide you through the registration process. The 
USPTO examining attorney is not your attorney and cannot give you legal advice, but 
rather works for and represents the USPTO in trademark matters.
•Note To The File
Changed
Deleted unnecessary literal element.
•
 
Serial Number: 97119829  
Date: 08/24/2022 5:05 pm  
Created by: Theodore Sotland