To:
Yue Niu(tm@mainleaf-law.com)
Subject:
U.S. Trademark Application Serial No. 97119046 - YAKHACKER
Sent:
August 27, 2022 12:34:19 PM EDT
Sent As:
tmng.notices@uspto.gov
Attachments
United States Patent and Trademark Office (USPTO) 
Office Action (Official Letter) About Applicant’s Trademark Application
 
U.S. Application Serial No. 97119046
Mark:  YAKHACKER
Correspondence Address:  
Yue Niu 
540 W.49th Street 
Apt.204S C/O Lobby Front Desk 
New York NY 10019 UNITED STATES
Applicant:  Shenzhen Maize Trading Co., Ltd.
Reference/Docket No. N/A
Correspondence Email Address:  tm@mainleaf-law.com
 
 
NONFINAL OFFICE ACTION
 
The USPTO must receive applicant’s response to this letter within six months of the issue date 
below or the application will be abandoned.  Respond using the Trademark Electronic Application 
System (TEAS).  A link to the appropriate TEAS response form appears at the end of this Office 
action.  
Issue date:  August 27, 2022
The referenced application has been reviewed by the assigned trademark examining attorney. Applicant 
must respond timely and completely to the issue(s) below. 15 U.S.C. §1062(b); 37 C.F.R. §§2.62(a), 
2.65(a); TMEP §§711, 718.03.
 
NO CONFLICTING MARKSThe trademark examining attorney has searched the USPTO database of registered and pending marks 
and has found no conflicting marks that would bar registration under Trademark Act Section 2(d). 15 
U.S.C. §1052(d); TMEP §704.02.
 
SUMMARY OF ISSUES:  
 
Basis Incomplete - Signature Unacceptable
•
Representative Samples of Use Required
•
Information Required
•
 
Applicant must respond to the following requirement(s) set forth below.
 
BASIS INCOMPLETE - SIGNATURE UNACCEPTABLE
 
The application was signed with document-signing software, resulting in the application not being 
properly verified. See TMEP §804. This signing method is not one of the two types authorized by 37 
C.F.R. §2.193(a), (c); i.e., an electronic typed signature or a pen-and-ink handwritten signature in a jpg 
or pdf attachment.  See TMEP §611.01(b). Applicant must properly sign and therefore verify the 
application in an affidavit or signed declaration under 37 C.F.R. §2.20. See 37 C.F.R. §§2.2(n), 2.33(a)-
(b)(1), (c), 2.34(a)(1)(i); TMEP §804.02.
 
The following statements must be verified: That applicant believes applicant is the owner of the mark; 
that the mark is in use in commerce and was in use in commerce as of the application filing date; that to 
the best of the signatory’s knowledge and belief, no other persons, except, if applicable, concurrent 
users, have the right to use the mark in commerce, either in the identical form or in such near 
resemblance as to be likely, when used on or in connection with the goods/services of such other 
persons, to cause confusion or mistake, or to deceive; that the specimen shows the mark as used on or 
in connection with the goods or services as of the application filing date; and that the facts set forth in 
the application are true. 37 C.F.R. §§2.33(b)(1), (c), 2.34(a)(1)(i), 2.59(a).
 
For more information about the verified statement and instructions on providing one using the online 
Trademark Electronic Application System (TEAS) response form, see the Verified statement webpage.  
 
REPRESENTATIVE SAMPLES OF USE REQUIRED
 
Applicant has applied for many different goods in International Class 12. If an identification is so broad 
that it encompasses a wide range of products and/or services, then an applicant must submit evidence 
that it actually uses the mark on the wide range of products and/or services to obtain registration. See In 
re Air Products & Chemicals, Inc., 192 USPQ 84, recon. denied 192 USPQ 157 (TTAB 1976); 37 CFR 
2.61(b); TMEP §§904.01(a) and 1402.03.
 
The specimen of record shows use of the mark in connection with cup holders for use in vehicles. 
However, the identification of goods includes other items. Applicant must submit a sample of use for 
each of the following goods:
 
Deck bags adapted for use on kayaks; Kayak paddles; KayaksThese samples of use need not be supported by a declaration, but must have been in use in commerce 
for all goods as of the application filing date. Applicant should delete all identifications of goods that 
are not yet in use in commerce, or if Applicant is unable to provide sample specimens to support use of 
the mark on these items, then Applicant may amend the filing basis for those goods that were not in 
proper use as of the application filing date to an intent to use basis under Section 1(b). This option will 
later necessitate additional fees and filing requirements such as providing a specimen for these goods at 
a subsequent date. See the ITU basis webpage for more information about an amendment to allege use 
or statement of use.
 
Failure to comply with a requirement to furnish additional samples of specimens is grounds for refusing 
registration. In re Harley, 119 USPQ2d 1755, 1757-58 (TTAB 2016); TMEP §814. Merely stating that 
evidence is available on Applicant’s or a third party website or providing a hyperlink of such a website 
is an insufficient response and will not make the additional specimens of record. See In re Planalytics, 
Inc., 70 USPQ2d 1453, 1457-58 (TTAB 2004).
 
INFORMATION REQUIRED
 
To permit proper examination of the application, for each of the goods identified in the application, 
excluding the protective covers and cases for tablet computers in the specimen of use, Applicant must:
 
(1) Provide samples of consummated transactions (e.g., receipts, invoices) evidencing a presence 
in U.S. commerce;
 
OR
 
(2) If samples of consummated transactions are not available, then provide the location 
where/how these goods may be purchased/travel in U.S. commerce. Examples may include the 
URL address for online presence within the U.S., the names of brick-and-mortar stores in the 
U.S. where the goods may be seen/purchased, the name and type of intermediary employed to 
further the transaction in U.S. commerce.
 
This information is not readily available to the examining attorney, and is pertinent to examination of 
the application. Conclusory statements from the applicant or its attorney will not be sufficient to meet 
this requirement for information. See 37 C.F.R. §2.61(b); TMEP §814.  Failure to comply with a 
request for information is grounds for refusing registration. In re Harley, 119 USPQ2d 1755, 1757-58 
(TTAB 2016); TMEP §814. 
 
TRANSLATION NOTED
 
Applicant's statement that the mark has no English translation has been noted.
 
GUIDELINES FOR RESPONDING TO THE OFFICE ACTION
 
For this application to proceed, the response must explicitly address each refusal and/or requirement in 
this Office action.  For a refusal, the response may include written arguments and evidence against the 
refusal, and, if relevant, may include other response options if specified above.  For a requirement, the 
response should set forth the changes or statements.
 
If the applicant has any questions or needs assistance in responding to this Office action, pleasetelephone the assigned examining attorney.
 
How to respond.  Click to file a response to this nonfinal Office action.
 
 
/V.J./
Gene V.J. Maciol
(571) 272-9280
gene.maciol@uspto.gov
 
 
RESPONSE GUIDANCE
Missing the response deadline to this letter will cause the application to abandon.  The 
response must be received by the USPTO before midnight Eastern Time of the last day of the 
response period.  TEAS maintenance or unforeseen circumstances could affect an applicant’s 
ability to timely respond.
•
Responses signed by an unauthorized party are not accepted and can cause the application to 
abandon.  If applicant does not have an attorney, the response must be signed by the individual 
applicant, all joint applicants, or someone with legal authority to bind a juristic applicant.  If 
applicant has an attorney, the response must be signed by the attorney.
•
If needed, find contact information for the supervisor of the office or unit listed in the 
signature block.
•United States Patent and Trademark Office (USPTO)
USPTO OFFICIAL NOTICE
Office Action (Official Letter) has issued  
on August 27, 2022 for  
U.S. Trademark Application Serial No.  97119046
A USPTO examining attorney has reviewed your trademark application and issued an Office 
action.  You must respond to this Office action in order to avoid your application 
abandoning.  Follow the steps below.
(1)  Read the Office action. This email is NOT the Office action.
(2)  Respond to the Office action by the deadline using the Trademark Electronic Application 
System (TEAS). Your response must be received by the USPTO on or before 11:59 p.m. 
Eastern Time of the last day of the response period. Otherwise, your application will be 
abandoned. See the Office action itself regarding how to respond.
(3)  Direct general questions about using USPTO electronic forms, the USPTO website, the 
application process, the status of your application, and whether there are outstanding deadlines 
to the Trademark Assistance Center (TAC).
After reading the Office action, address any question(s) regarding the specific content to the 
USPTO examining attorney identified in the Office action.
GENERAL GUIDANCE
Check the status of your application periodically in the Trademark Status & 
Document Retrieval (TSDR) database to avoid missing critical deadlines.
•
Update your correspondence email address to ensure you receive important USPTO 
notices about your application.
•
Beware of trademark-related scams. Protect yourself from people and companies that 
may try to take financial advantage of you. Private companies may call you and pretend 
to be the USPTO or may send you communications that resemble official USPTO 
documents to trick you. We will never request your credit card number or social security 
number over the phone. And all official USPTO correspondence will only be emailed 
from the domain “@uspto.gov.” Verify the correspondence originated from us by using 
your Serial Number in our database, TSDR, to confirm that it appears under the 
“Documents” tab, or contact the Trademark Assistance Center. 
•Hiring a U.S.-licensed attorney. If you do not have an attorney and are not required to 
have one under the trademark rules, we encourage you to hire a U.S.-licensed attorney 
specializing in trademark law to help guide you through the registration process. The 
USPTO examining attorney is not your attorney and cannot give you legal advice, but 
rather works for and represents the USPTO in trademark matters.
•