To:
Peter J. Phillips(info@lmiplaw.com)
Subject:
U.S. Trademark Application Serial No. 97118617 - - PF-17-TM
Sent:
August 28, 2022 04:59:21 PM EDT
Sent As:
tmng.notices@uspto.gov
Attachments
United States Patent and Trademark Office (USPTO) 
Office Action (Official Letter) About Applicant’s Trademark Application
 
U.S. Application Serial No. 97118617
Mark:  
Correspondence Address:  
PETER J. PHILLIPS 
LUCAS & MERCANTI, LLP 
30 BROAD STREET 
21ST FLOOR 
NEW YORK NY 10004 UNITED STATES
Applicant:  Pfingst & Company, Inc.
Reference/Docket No. PF-17-TM
Correspondence Email Address:  info@lmiplaw.com
 
 
NONFINAL OFFICE ACTION
 
The USPTO must receive applicant’s response to this letter within six months of the issue date 
below or the application will be abandoned.  Respond using the Trademark Electronic Application 
System (TEAS).  A link to the appropriate TEAS response form appears at the end of this Office 
action.  
Issue date:  August 28, 2022
The referenced application has been reviewed by the assigned trademark examining attorney. Applicant 
must respond timely and completely to the issue(s) below. 15 U.S.C. §1062(b); 37 C.F.R. §§2.62(a), 
2.65(a); TMEP §§711, 718.03.SEARCH OF USPTO DATABASE OF MARKS
 
The trademark examining attorney has searched the USPTO database of registered and pending marks 
and has found no conflicting marks that would bar registration under Trademark Act Section 2(d). 15 
U.S.C. §1052(d); TMEP §704.02.
 
SUMMARY OF ISSUES:
 
    A.    Specimen Refusal -- Specimens Do Not Show Use in Classes 8, 9, and 10 
    B.    Amended Identification of Goods Required  
    C.    Multiple-Class Application Requirements 
    D.    Amended Mark Description Required
 
A.    SPECIMEN REFUSAL -- SPECIMENS DO NOT SHOW USE IN CLASSES 8, 9, AND 10
 
Specimen does not show use of the mark in commerce. Registration is refused because the 
specimens do not show the applied-for mark as actually used in commerce in International Classes 8, 9, 
and 10. Trademark Act Sections 1 and 45, 15 U.S.C. §§1051, 1127; 37 C.F.R. §§2.34(a)(1)(iv), 2.56(a); 
TMEP §§904, 904.07(a). An application based on Trademark Act Section 1(a) must include a specimen 
showing the applied-for mark as actually used in commerce for each international class of goods 
identified in the application or amendment to allege use. 15 U.S.C. §1051(a)(1); 37 C.F.R. 
§§2.34(a)(1)(iv), 2.56(a); TMEP §§904, 904.07(a).
 
Specifically, the submitted specimens depict the applied-for mark on empty packaging. The name of 
the product is not listed on the packages; rather, only part numbers are provided. Because the nature 
and proper classification of the goods cannot be discerned from the submitted packaging, the specimens 
are not acceptable to show use of the mark in commerce in International Classes 8, 9, and 10. 
 
Examples of specimens.  Specimens for goods include a photograph of (1) the actual goods bearing 
the mark; (2) an actual container, packaging, tag or label for the goods bearing the mark; or (3) a point-
of-sale display showing the mark directly associated with the goods.  See 37 C.F.R. §2.56(b)(1), (c); 
TMEP §904.03(a)-(m).  A webpage specimen submitted as a display associated with the goods must 
show the mark in association with a picture or textual description of the goods and include information 
necessary for ordering the goods.  TMEP §904.03(i); see 37 C.F.R. §2.56(b)(1), (c).  Any webpage 
printout or screenshot submitted as a specimen must include the webpage’s URL and the date it was 
accessed or printed on the specimen itself, within the TEAS form that submits the specimen, or in a 
verified statement under 37 C.F.R. §2.20 or 28 U.S.C. §1746 in a later-filed response.  See 37 C.F.R. 
§2.56(c); TMEP §§904.03(i), 1301.04(a).
 
Response options. Applicant may respond to this refusal by satisfying one of the following for each 
applicable international class:
 
(1)        Submit a different specimen (a verified “substitute” specimen) that (a) was 
in actual use in commerce at least as early as the filing date of the application or prior to 
the filing of an amendment to allege use and (b) shows the mark in actual use in commerce 
for the goods identified in the application or amendment to allege use. A “verified 
substitute specimen” is a specimen that is accompanied by the following statement made in 
a signed affidavit or supported by a declaration under 37 C.F.R. §2.20: “The substitute (or 
new, or originally submitted, if appropriate) specimen(s) was/were in use in commerce atleast as early as the filing date of the application or prior to the filing of the amendment to 
allege use.” The substitute specimen cannot be accepted without this statement.
 
(2)        Amend the filing basis to intent to use under Section 1(b) (which includes 
withdrawing an amendment to allege use, if one was filed), as no specimen is required 
before publication. This option will later necessitate additional fee(s) and filing 
requirements, including a specimen.
 
For an overview of the response options referenced above and instructions on how to satisfy these 
options using the online Trademark Electronic Application System (TEAS) form, see the Specimen 
webpage.
 
Although applicant’s mark has been refused registration, applicant may respond to the refusal(s) by 
submitting evidence and arguments in support of registration. However, if applicant responds to the 
refusal(s), applicant must also respond to the requirement(s) set forth below.
 
B.    AMENDED IDENTIFICATION OF GOODS REQUIRED
 
A written application must specify the particular goods and/or services on or in connection with which 
the applicant uses, or has a bona fide intention to use, the mark in commerce. 15 U.S.C. §§1051(a)(2), 
1051(b)(2); 37 C.F.R. §2.32(a)(6). To “specify” means to name in an explicit manner. TMEP §1402.01. 
An identification that fails to identify the goods and services with specificity is indefinite, either 
because the nature of the goods or services is not clear or because the wording is so broad that it may 
include goods or services in more than one class. Id. The applicant must identify the goods and services 
specifically to provide public notice and to enable the USPTO to classify the goods and services 
properly and to reach informed judgments concerning likelihood of confusion under 15 U.S.C. 
§1052(d). Id. 
 
International Class 8
 
The following entries in the identification of goods in International Class 8 require further clarification:
 
hand tools, namely, burs, twist drills, mandrels, cutters, and mounted and unmounted stones for 
use in the fields of wood carving and metalworking by hobbyists  
•
bur storage blocks for use in the fields of wood carving and metalworking by hobbyists 
•
 
The wording "hand tools, namely, burs, twist drills, mandrels, cutters, and mounted and unmounted 
stones for use in the fields of wood carving and metalworking by hobbyists" is indefinite because some 
of the listed tools, such as burs, appear to commonly be power-operated tools. Class 8 includes hand-
operated tools and implements. Motor-driven tools, such as power tools, are usually in Class 7. A "hand 
held" tool may be in either class.  
 
The reference to "mandrels" appears to be misclassified. "Metal mandrels, not being parts of machines" 
are in International Class 6, and mandrels in the nature of "machine parts" are in International Class 7. 
See ID Manual, Term ID Nos. 006-1041, 007-1547.
 
In addition, the nature of of applicant's "mounted and unmounted stones for use in the fields of wood 
carving and metalworking by hobbyists" is unclear. Applicant must specify the common commercial or 
generic name of the stones. See TMEP §1402.01. If the goods have no common commercial or genericname, applicant must describe the product, its main purpose, and its intended uses. See id.  
 
The wording "bur storage blocks for use in the fields of wood carving and metalworking by hobbyists" 
is overbroad because it could identify goods in more than one international class. Storage blocks 
specially adapted to hold power-operated burs are in Class 7, while storage blocks specially adapted to 
hold hand-operated burs would be in Class 8.
 
International Class 9
 
The following entries in the identification of goods in International Class 9 require further clarification 
and/or are misclassified:
 
hand tools, namely, burs, twist drills, mandrels, cutters, mounted and unmounted stones for use in 
the field of jewelry, bur gauges for use in the field of jewelry  
•
bur storage blocks for use in the field of jewelry
•
 
The entry for "hand tools, namely, burs, twist drills, mandrels, cutters, and mounted and unmounted 
stones for use in the fields of wood carving and metalworking by hobbyists" requires clarification 
because it is indefinite in part and misclassified in part. Bur gauges are properly classified in 
International Class 9 because of their measuring function. However, applicant must provide additional 
detail to clarify the nature of these goods. If the remainder of applicant's tools are power-operated, 
they belong in International Class 7. If the tools are hand-operated, they belong in International Class 
8. 
 
The nature of applicant's "mounted and unmounted stones for use in the field of jewelry" is unclear. 
Applicant must specify the common commercial or generic name of the stones. See TMEP §1402.01. If 
the goods have no common commercial or generic name, applicant must describe the product, its main 
purpose, and its intended uses. See id.
 
The entry for "bur storage blocks for use in the field of jewelry" is misclassified. As noted above, 
storage blocks for power-operated burs are in Class 7, while storage blocks for hand-operated burs are 
in Class 8.
 
International Class 10
 
The nature of applicant's "mounted and unmounted stones for use in the fields of dentistry, podiatry, 
and pedicure" is unclear. Applicant must specify the common commercial or generic name of the 
stones. See TMEP §1402.01. If the goods have no common commercial or generic name, applicant 
must describe the product, its main purpose, and its intended uses. See id. 
 
For each instance requiring additional clarification, the examining attorney has provided an example of 
an acceptable amendment below. If the suggestions below are not accurate, applicant is encouraged to 
use the USPTO’s online Identification Manual (see ID Manual link below) to search for acceptable 
wording to properly identify the intended goods.
 
EXAMPLE IDENTIFICATION OF GOODS:  The following is an example of an acceptable 
identification of goods that applicant may adopt, if accurate (additions in bold and deletions in 
strikethrough).Class 6
 
Metal mandrels, not being parts of machines
 
Class 7
 
Hand-held, power-operated tools for use in the fields of wood carving and metalworking by 
hobbyists, namely, burs being rotary cutting tools, twist drills being power drill bits, mandrels 
being machine parts, and cutters being rotary cutting tools, and mounted and unmounted 
stones for use in the fields of wood carving and metalworking by hobbyists; Hand-held, power-
operated tools for use in the field of jewelry, namely, burs being rotary cutting tools, twist 
drills being power drill bits, mandrels being machine parts, and cutters in the nature of 
rotary cutting tools; Bur storage blocks for use in the fields of wood carving and metalworking 
by hobbyists in the nature of bur storage holders specially adapted to hold power-operated 
burs; Bur storage blocks for use in the field of jewelry in the nature of bur storage holders 
specially adapted to hold power-operated burs 
 
Class 8
 
Hand-held, hand-operated tools for use in the fields of wood carving and metalworking by 
hobbyists, namely, burs being rotary cutting tools, twist drills being drill bits for hand drills, 
mandrels, cutters in the nature of rotary cutting tools, and mounted and unmounted stones in 
the nature of files being hand-operated tools for smoothing surfaces of metal  for use in the 
fields of wood carving and metalworking by hobbyists; Hand-held, hand-operated tools for use 
in the field of jewelry, namely, burs being rotary cutting tools, twist drills being drill bits for 
hand drills, mandrels, cutters in the nature of rotary cutting tools, and mounted and 
unmounted stones in the nature of files being hand-operated tools for smoothing surfaces of 
metal; Bur storage blocks for use in the fields of wood carving and metalworking by hobbyists in 
the nature of bur storage holders specially adapted to hold hand-operated burs; Bur storage 
blocks for use in the field of jewelry in the nature of bur storage holders specially adapted to 
hold hand-operated burs 
 
Class 9
 
hand tools, namely, burs, twist drills, mandrels, cutters, mounted and unmounted stones for use in 
the field of jewelry, Bur gauges for use in the field of jewelry for measuring the diameter of 
burs; bur storage blocks for use in the field of jewelry 
 
Class 10 
 
Hand tools for use in the fields of dentistry, podiatry, and pedicure, namely, burs, twist drills, 
mandrels, and cutters being rotary cutting tools, and mounted and unmounted stones for use in 
the fields of dentistry, podiatry, and pedicure; Bur storage blocks for use in the fields of dentistry, 
podiatry, and pedicure in the nature of bur storage holders specially adapted to hold dental, 
podiatry, and pedicure burs 
 
SCOPE ADVISORY:  Applicant may amend the identification to clarify or limit the goods and/or 
services, but not to broaden or expand the goods and/or services beyond those in the original 
application or as acceptably amended.  See 37 C.F.R. §2.71(a); TMEP §1402.06.  Generally, anydeleted goods and/or services may not later be reinserted.  See TMEP §1402.07(e).
 
ONLINE ID MANUAL:  For assistance with identifying and classifying goods and services in 
trademark applications, please see the USPTO’s online searchable U.S. Acceptable Identification of 
Goods and Services Manual.  See TMEP §1402.04.
 
For information on how to identify the goods and services in an application, applicant is encouraged to 
view the USPTO’s Trademark Information Network Video Number 6, “Goods and Services.”
 
C.    MULTIPLE-CLASS APPLICATION REQUIREMENTS 
 
The application references goods based on use in commerce in more than one international class; 
therefore, applicant must satisfy all the requirements below for each international class:
 
(1)        List the goods and/or services by their international class number in 
consecutive numerical order, starting with the lowest numbered class (for example, 
International Class 3: perfume; International Class 18: cosmetic bags sold empty).
 
(2)        Submit a filing fee for each international class not covered by the fee(s) 
already paid (view the USPTO’s current fee schedule). Specifically, the application 
identifies goods and/or services based on use in commerce that are classified in at least 
five classes; however, applicant submitted a fee sufficient for only three classes. Applicant 
must either (a) submit the filing fees for the classes not covered by the submitted fees or 
(b) restrict the application to the number of classes covered by the fees already paid.
 
(3)        Submit verified dates of first use of the mark anywhere and in commerce 
for each international class. See more information about verified dates of use.
 
(4)        Submit a specimen for each international class. The current specimen is 
not acceptable for any international class. See more information about specimens.
 
Examples of specimens.  Specimens for goods include a photograph of (1) the actual 
goods bearing the mark; (2) an actual container, packaging, tag or label for the goods 
bearing the mark; or (3) a point-of-sale display showing the mark directly associated with 
the goods.  See 37 C.F.R. §2.56(b)(1), (c); TMEP §904.03(a)-(m).  A webpage specimen 
submitted as a display associated with the goods must show the mark in association with a 
picture or textual description of the goods and include information necessary for ordering 
the goods.  TMEP §904.03(i); see 37 C.F.R. §2.56(b)(1), (c). 
 
Specimens for services must show a direct association between the mark and the services 
and include: (1) copies of advertising and marketing material, (2) a photograph of business 
signage or billboards, or (3) materials showing the mark in the sale, rendering, or 
advertising of the services.  See 37 C.F.R. §2.56(b)(2), (c); TMEP §1301.04(a), (h)(iv)(C). 
 
Any webpage printout or screenshot submitted as a specimen must include the webpage’s 
URL and the date it was accessed or printed on the specimen itself, within the TEAS form 
that submits the specimen, or in a verified statement under 37 C.F.R. §2.20 or 28 U.S.C. 
§1746 in a later-filed response. See 37 C.F.R. §2.56(c); TMEP §§904.03(i), 1301.04(a).(5)        Submit a verified statement that “The specimen was in use in commerce 
on or in connection with the goods and/or services listed in the application at least as 
early as the filing date of the application.” See more information about verification.
 
See 37 C.F.R. §2.86(a); TMEP §§1403.01, 1403.02(c).
 
For an overview of the requirements for a Section 1(a) multiple-class application and how to satisfy the 
requirements online using the Trademark Electronic Application System (TEAS) form, see the 
Multiple-class Application webpage.
 
D.    AMENDED MARK DESCRIPTION REQUIRED
 
Applicant must submit an amended description of the mark because the current one uses vague 
language that does not accurately describe the mark. 37 C.F.R. §2.37; see TMEP §§808.01, 808.02. 
Descriptions must be accurate and identify all the literal and design elements in the mark. See 37 C.F.R. 
§2.37; TMEP §808.02. In this case, the description is vague because it does not clearly describe the 
design elements in the mark.
 
The following description is suggested, if accurate: The mark consists of a stylized design of a 
marabou stork wearing eyeglasses and holding a rod under its wing. The rod tapers to a small 
circle at one end, and short straight lines extend outward from the circle in all directions.
 
RESPONDING TO THIS OFFICE ACTION 
 
Response guidelines. For this application to proceed, applicant must explicitly address each refusal 
and/or requirement in this Office action. For a refusal, applicant may provide written arguments and 
evidence against the refusal, and may have other response options if specified above. For a 
requirement, applicant should set forth the changes or statements. Please see “Responding to Office 
Actions” and the informational video “Response to Office Action” for more information and tips on 
responding.
 
Please call or email the assigned trademark examining attorney with questions about this Office action. 
Although an examining attorney cannot provide legal advice, the examining attorney can provide 
additional explanation about the refusal(s) and/or requirement(s) in this Office action. See TMEP 
§§705.02, 709.06.
 
The USPTO does not accept emails as responses to Office actions; however, emails can be used for 
informal communications and are included in the application record. See 37 C.F.R. §§2.62(c), 2.191; 
TMEP §§304.01-.02, 709.04-.05.
 
How to respond.  Click to file a response to this nonfinal Office action./Todd Lewellen/
Todd Lewellen
Trademark Examining Attorney 
Law Office 110
(571) 272-3199
todd.lewellen@uspto.gov
 
 
RESPONSE GUIDANCE
Missing the response deadline to this letter will cause the application to abandon.  The 
response must be received by the USPTO before midnight Eastern Time of the last day of the 
response period.  TEAS maintenance or unforeseen circumstances could affect an applicant’s 
ability to timely respond.
•
Responses signed by an unauthorized party are not accepted and can cause the application to 
abandon.  If applicant does not have an attorney, the response must be signed by the individual 
applicant, all joint applicants, or someone with legal authority to bind a juristic applicant.  If 
applicant has an attorney, the response must be signed by the attorney.
•
If needed, find contact information for the supervisor of the office or unit listed in the 
signature block.
•United States Patent and Trademark Office (USPTO)
USPTO OFFICIAL NOTICE
Office Action (Official Letter) has issued  
on August 28, 2022 for  
U.S. Trademark Application Serial No.  97118617
A USPTO examining attorney has reviewed your trademark application and issued an Office 
action.  You must respond to this Office action in order to avoid your application 
abandoning.  Follow the steps below.
(1)  Read the Office action. This email is NOT the Office action.
(2)  Respond to the Office action by the deadline using the Trademark Electronic Application 
System (TEAS). Your response must be received by the USPTO on or before 11:59 p.m. 
Eastern Time of the last day of the response period. Otherwise, your application will be 
abandoned. See the Office action itself regarding how to respond.
(3)  Direct general questions about using USPTO electronic forms, the USPTO website, the 
application process, the status of your application, and whether there are outstanding deadlines 
to the Trademark Assistance Center (TAC).
After reading the Office action, address any question(s) regarding the specific content to the 
USPTO examining attorney identified in the Office action.
GENERAL GUIDANCE
Check the status of your application periodically in the Trademark Status & 
Document Retrieval (TSDR) database to avoid missing critical deadlines.
•
Update your correspondence email address to ensure you receive important USPTO 
notices about your application.
•
Beware of trademark-related scams. Protect yourself from people and companies that 
may try to take financial advantage of you. Private companies may call you and pretend 
to be the USPTO or may send you communications that resemble official USPTO 
documents to trick you. We will never request your credit card number or social security 
number over the phone. And all official USPTO correspondence will only be emailed 
from the domain “@uspto.gov.” Verify the correspondence originated from us by using 
your Serial Number in our database, TSDR, to confirm that it appears under the 
“Documents” tab, or contact the Trademark Assistance Center. 
•Hiring a U.S.-licensed attorney. If you do not have an attorney and are not required to 
have one under the trademark rules, we encourage you to hire a U.S.-licensed attorney 
specializing in trademark law to help guide you through the registration process. The 
USPTO examining attorney is not your attorney and cannot give you legal advice, but 
rather works for and represents the USPTO in trademark matters.
•