To:
Elizabeth Oliner(liz@olinerlaw.com)
Subject:
U.S. Trademark Application Serial No. 97118858 - VEGI-COLL
Sent:
August 23, 2022 06:13:11 AM EDT
Sent As:
tmng.notices@uspto.gov
Attachments
United States Patent and Trademark Office (USPTO) 
Office Action (Official Letter) About Applicant’s Trademark Application
 
U.S. Application Serial No. 97118858
Mark:  VEGI-COLL
Correspondence Address:  
ELIZABETH OLINER 
OLINER LAW 
345 GROVE STREET, 2ND FLOOR 
SAN FRANCISCO CA 94102 UNITED STATES
Applicant:  Ingredients Plus Pty. Limited
Reference/Docket No. N/A
Correspondence Email Address:  liz@olinerlaw.com
 
 
NONFINAL OFFICE ACTION
 
The USPTO must receive applicant’s response to this letter within six months of the issue date 
below or the application will be abandoned.  Respond using the Trademark Electronic Application 
System (TEAS).  A link to the appropriate TEAS response form appears at the end of this Office 
action.  
Issue date:  August 23, 2022
Introduction:
 
The referenced application has been reviewed by the assigned trademark examining attorney.  
Applicant must respond timely and completely to the issue(s) below.  15 U.S.C. §1062(b); 37 C.F.R. 
§§2.62(a), 2.65(a); TMEP §§711, 718.03.Search: 
 
The trademark examining attorney has searched the USPTO database of registered and pending marks 
and has found no conflicting marks that would bar registration under Trademark Act Section 2(d). 15 
U.S.C. §1052(d); TMEP §704.02. 
 
SUMMARY OF ISSUES:
 
Teas Plus
•
Foreign Registration
•
Identification of Goods 
•
 
Teas Plus: 
 
Processing fee required. Applicant must submit an additional processing fee of $100 per class because 
the application as originally filed did not meet the TEAS Plus application filing requirements. See 37 
C.F.R. §2.22(c); TMEP §§819.01-.01(q), 819.03. Specifically, applicant failed to meet the following 
requirement(s): the goods were not correctly classified because a fill-in-the-blank element in the 
identification included wording that is clearly inappropriate or unrelated to the selected goods and some 
of the fill in the blanks were not correctly filled in.
 
The additional processing fee is required regardless of whether applicant satisfies these application 
requirements.
 
Accordingly, the application will no longer be treated as TEAS Plus; it is now considered a TEAS 
Standard application. See 37 C.F.R. §2.22(c); TMEP §819.03.  
 
Foreign Registration: 
 
In response to the Office’s inquiry regarding the status of applicant’s pending foreign application, 
applicant indicated that the foreign registration has issued but no copy of the foreign registration was 
submitted. Instead, applicant requested suspension of its application. An examining attorney may 
suspend action on a U.S. application pending issuance of a foreign registration in a Trademark Act 
Section 44(d) application, or pending renewal of a foreign registration in a Section 44(e) application. 
TMEP §716.02(b). However, once the registration issues in a Section 44(d) application, the examining 
attorney will suspend the application only if the applicant establishes that it cannot obtain a copy of the 
foreign registration due to extraordinary circumstances (e.g., war or natural disaster). Id. No such 
circumstances were alleged in applicant’s response.
 
Therefore, the request to suspend is denied and applicant is required to submit a true copy, a photocopy, 
a certification, or a certified copy of the registration in the country of origin of applicant. 15 U.S.C. 
§1126(e); 37 C.F.R. §2.34(a)(3)(ii). If the foreign certificate of registration is not written in English, 
applicant must also provide an English translation. 37 C.F.R. §2.34(a)(3)(ii); TMEP §1004.01(a)-(b). 
The translation should be signed by the translator. TMEP §1004.01(b).
 
A copy of a foreign registration must consist of a document issued to an applicant by or certified by the 
intellectual property office in the applicant’s country of origin. TMEP §1004.01. If an applicant’s 
country of origin does not issue registrations or Madrid Protocol certificates of extension of protection,the applicant may submit a copy of the Madrid Protocol international registration that shows that 
protection of the international registration has been extended to the applicant’s country of origin. 
TMEP §1016.
 
If applicant is unable to provide a copy of the foreign registration, applicant must more particularly 
describe the current status of the foreign application/registration, so that the examining attorney can 
take appropriate action. See 37 C.F.R. §2.61(b).
 
Identification of Goods: 
 
The wording "food supplements for foodstuffs for human consumption and pharmaceutical 
preparations for foodstuffs for human consumption" is indefinite. Nutritional/food supplements are in 
International Class 5. The wording as submitted is indefinite as the nature of the goods is unclear as 
worded. Vitamins for manufacturing use are classified in Class 1. Is the applicant coming in for the 
foods stuff, those goods can be in a variety of classes. Are the food supplements and pharmaceutical 
preparations used in the manufacturing of an end product and therefore the goods could be in Int. class 
1. The goods are unclear. See 37 C.F.R. §2.32(a)(6); TMEP §1402.01.  
 
Applicant must clarify the wording “dietary supplements in the form of cosmetics” in the identification 
of goods in International Class(es) 3 because it is indefinite and too broad. See 37 C.F.R. §2.32(a)(6); 
TMEP §§1402.01, 1402.03. This wording is indefinite because dietary supplements in the form of must 
indicate specific form, e.g., capsules, liquid, powder, etc.}. Further, this conflated wording could 
identify goods in more than one international class. For example, cosmetics are in International Class 3 
and dietary supplements are in International Class 5.
 
Applicant is advised to delete or modify the duplicate entry in the identification of goods in 
International Class 5 for “nutritional supplements for medical use.” See generally TMEP §§1402.01, 
1402.01(a). If applicant does not respond to this issue, be advised that the USPTO will remove 
duplicate entries from the identification prior to registration.
 
If modifying one of the duplicate entries, applicant may amend it to clarify or limit the goods, but not to 
broaden or expand the goods beyond those in the original application or as acceptably amended. See 37 
C.F.R. §2.71(a); TMEP §1402.06. Also, generally, any deleted goods may not later be reinserted. 
TMEP §1402.07(e).
Applicant may substitute the following wording, if accurate: 
 
International Class 5:
 
Biological preparations for the treatment of medical conditions {specify disease or physical 
condition, e.g., cancer, etc.}; Collagen for medical purposes; Dietary food supplements; Dietary 
supplements; Dietary supplements also containing collagen; Dietary supplements also containing 
mineral supplements; Dietary supplements also containing plant extracts for medicinal purposes; 
Dietary supplements also containing plant compounds, namely, plant extracts for medicinal 
purpose; Dietary supplements consisting primarily of antioxidants food supplements; Dietary and 
nutritional supplements; Food supplements; Food supplements for medical use; Food supplements for 
medical purposes; Food supplements for foodstuffs for human consumption (indefinite and 
misclassified); Mineral food supplements; Mineral supplements; Nutritional supplements; Nutritional 
supplements for medical use; Pharmaceutical preparations for {specify disease or condition to be 
prevented or treated or the health goal to be achieved} containing amino acids for medicalpurposes; Pharmaceutical preparations for foodstuffs for human consumption; (indefinite and 
misclassified); Plant extracts for pharmaceutical purposes; Protein dietary supplements; Protein 
supplements; Vitamin preparations; Vitamin supplements; Vitamin and mineral preparations for 
medical use; Vitamin and mineral supplements; Vitamin and mineral supplements for mixing with 
foodstuffs, namely, with {specify purpose, e.g., dog food, cereal, yogurt, etc.} for human 
consumption; Vitamins and vitamin preparations; Amino acid preparations for medical purposes; 
Dietary supplements in the form of cosmetics of {indicate specific form, e.g., capsules, liquid, 
powder, etc.}; Dietary and nutritional supplements containing trace elements of {specify 
ingredient, e.g., nut oil, fish oil, etc.}; Dietary and nutritional supplements containing plant 
extracts for medicinal purposes; Health food supplements; Mineral nutritional supplements; 
Nutritional supplements consisting primarily of collagen; Nutritional supplements consisting 
primarily of amino acids for or nutritional and medical purposes; Nutritional supplements for 
medical use (duplicate wording). 
 
For assistance with identifying and classifying goods and services in trademark applications, please see 
the USPTO’s online searchable U.S. Acceptable Identification of Goods and Services Manual. See 
TMEP §1402.04.
 
Recitation and Identification Amendment Advisory:
 
Applicant’s goods and/or services may be clarified or limited, but may not be expanded beyond those 
originally itemized in the U.S. application or as acceptably amended. See 37 C.F.R. §2.71(a); TMEP 
§1402.06. Applicant may clarify or limit the identification by inserting qualifying language or deleting 
items to result in a more specific identification; however, applicant may not substitute different goods 
and/or services or add goods and/or services not found in or encompassed by those in the original U.S. 
application or as acceptably amended. See TMEP §1402.06(a)-(b). The scope of the goods and/or 
services sets the outer limit for any changes to the identification and is generally determined by the 
ordinary meaning of the wording in the identification. TMEP §§1402.06(b), 1402.07(a)-(b). Any 
acceptable changes to the goods and/or services will further limit scope, and once goods and/or services 
are deleted, they are not permitted to be reinserted. TMEP §1402.07(e). Additionally, for U.S. 
applications filed under Trademark Act Section 44(e), the scope of the identification for purposes of 
permissible amendments may not exceed the scope of the goods and/or services identified in the 
foreign registration.  37 C.F.R. §2.32(a)(6); Marmark, Ltd. v. Nutrexpa, S.A., 12 USPQ2d 1843, 1845 
(TTAB 1989) (citing In re Löwenbräu München, 175 USPQ 178, 181 (TTAB 1972)); TMEP §§1012, 
1402.01(b).
 
The application identifies goods and/or services in more than one international class; therefore, 
applicant must satisfy all the requirements below for each international class based on Trademark Act 
Section 44:
 
(1)  List the goods and/or services by their international class number in consecutive 
numerical order, starting with the lowest numbered class.
 
(2)  Submit a filing fee for each international class not covered by the fee(s) already paid 
(view the USPTO’s current fee schedule).  The application identifies goods and/or services that 
are classified in at least two classes; however, applicant submitted a fee(s) sufficient for only one 
class(es).  Applicant must either submit the filing fees for the classes not covered by the 
submitted fees or restrict the application to the number of classes covered by the fees already 
paid.See 37 C.F.R. §2.86(a); TMEP §§1403.01, 1403.02(c).
 
For an overview of the requirements for a Section 44 multiple-class application and how to satisfy the 
requirements online using the Trademark Electronic Application System (TEAS) form, see the 
Multiple-class Application webpage.
 
Questions:
 
Please call or email the assigned trademark examining attorney with questions about this Office action. 
Although an examining attorney cannot provide legal advice, the examining attorney can provide 
additional explanation about the refusal(s) and/or requirement(s) in this Office action. See TMEP 
§§705.02, 709.06.
 
The USPTO does not accept emails as responses to Office actions; however, emails can be used for 
informal communications and are included in the application record. See 37 C.F.R. §§2.62(c), 2.191; 
TMEP §§304.01-.02, 709.04-.05.
 
How to respond.  Click to file a response to this nonfinal Office action.
 
 
/Lourdes Ayala/
Lourdes Ayala
Trademark Examining Attorney 
Law Office 106
(571) 272-9316
lourdes.ayala@uspto.gov
 
 
RESPONSE GUIDANCE
Missing the response deadline to this letter will cause the application to abandon.  The 
response must be received by the USPTO before midnight Eastern Time of the last day of the 
response period.  TEAS maintenance or unforeseen circumstances could affect an applicant’s 
ability to timely respond.
•
Responses signed by an unauthorized party are not accepted and can cause the application to 
abandon.  If applicant does not have an attorney, the response must be signed by the individual 
applicant, all joint applicants, or someone with legal authority to bind a juristic applicant.  If 
applicant has an attorney, the response must be signed by the attorney.
•
If needed, find contact information for the supervisor of the office or unit listed in the 
signature block.
•United States Patent and Trademark Office (USPTO)
USPTO OFFICIAL NOTICE
Office Action (Official Letter) has issued  
on August 23, 2022 for  
U.S. Trademark Application Serial No.  97118858
A USPTO examining attorney has reviewed your trademark application and issued an Office 
action.  You must respond to this Office action in order to avoid your application 
abandoning.  Follow the steps below.
(1)  Read the Office action. This email is NOT the Office action.
(2)  Respond to the Office action by the deadline using the Trademark Electronic Application 
System (TEAS). Your response must be received by the USPTO on or before 11:59 p.m. 
Eastern Time of the last day of the response period. Otherwise, your application will be 
abandoned. See the Office action itself regarding how to respond.
(3)  Direct general questions about using USPTO electronic forms, the USPTO website, the 
application process, the status of your application, and whether there are outstanding deadlines 
to the Trademark Assistance Center (TAC).
After reading the Office action, address any question(s) regarding the specific content to the 
USPTO examining attorney identified in the Office action.
GENERAL GUIDANCE
Check the status of your application periodically in the Trademark Status & 
Document Retrieval (TSDR) database to avoid missing critical deadlines.
•
Update your correspondence email address to ensure you receive important USPTO 
notices about your application.
•
Beware of trademark-related scams. Protect yourself from people and companies that 
may try to take financial advantage of you. Private companies may call you and pretend 
to be the USPTO or may send you communications that resemble official USPTO 
documents to trick you. We will never request your credit card number or social security 
number over the phone. And all official USPTO correspondence will only be emailed 
from the domain “@uspto.gov.” Verify the correspondence originated from us by using 
your Serial Number in our database, TSDR, to confirm that it appears under the 
“Documents” tab, or contact the Trademark Assistance Center. 
•Hiring a U.S.-licensed attorney. If you do not have an attorney and are not required to 
have one under the trademark rules, we encourage you to hire a U.S.-licensed attorney 
specializing in trademark law to help guide you through the registration process. The 
USPTO examining attorney is not your attorney and cannot give you legal advice, but 
rather works for and represents the USPTO in trademark matters.
•