To:
Mark A. Goodman, Esq.(mark@goodmanlawnevada.com)
Subject:
U.S. Trademark Application Serial No. 97118795 - BL - 1383-Bell
Sent:
August 27, 2022 12:26:41 PM EDT
Sent As:
tmng.notices@uspto.gov
Attachments
4168118
screencapture-ahdictionary-com-word-search-html-16616156126281
screencapture-en-wikipedia-org-wiki-Search_engine_optimization-16616156307471
United States Patent and Trademark Office (USPTO) 
Office Action (Official Letter) About Applicant’s Trademark Application
 
U.S. Application Serial No. 97118795
Mark:  BL
Correspondence Address:  
MARK A. GOODMAN, ESQ. 
GOODMAN LAW CENTER 
401 RYLAND STREET 
RENO NV 89502 UNITED STATES
Applicant:  Blastoff Labs
Reference/Docket No. 1383-Bell
Correspondence Email Address:  mark@goodmanlawnevada.com
 
 
NONFINAL OFFICE ACTION
 
The USPTO must receive applicant’s response to this letter within six months of the issue date 
below or the application will be abandoned.  Respond using the Trademark Electronic Application 
System (TEAS).  A link to the appropriate TEAS response form appears at the end of this Office 
action.  
Issue date:  August 27, 2022
The referenced application has been reviewed by the assigned trademark examining attorney. Applicant 
must respond timely and completely to the issue(s) below. 15 U.S.C. §1062(b); 37 C.F.R. §§2.62(a),2.65(a); TMEP §§711, 718.03.
 
SEARCH OF USPTO DATABASE OF MARKS
 
The trademark examining attorney has searched the USPTO database of registered and pending marks 
and has found no conflicting marks that would bar registration under Trademark Act Section 2(d). 15 
U.S.C. §1052(d); TMEP §704.02.
 
SUMMARY OF ISSUES:
 
Amended Identification of Services Required 
•
     
AMENDED IDENTIFICATION OF SERVICES REQUIRED
 
A written application must specify the particular goods and/or services on or in connection with which 
the applicant uses, or has a bona fide intention to use, the mark in commerce. 15 U.S.C. §§1051(a)(2), 
1051(b)(2); 37 C.F.R. §2.32(a)(6). To “specify” means to name in an explicit manner. TMEP §1402.01. 
An identification that fails to identify the goods and services with specificity is indefinite, either 
because the nature of the goods or services is not clear or because the wording is so broad that it may 
include goods or services in more than one class. Id. The applicant must identify the goods and services 
specifically to provide public notice and to enable the USPTO to classify the goods and services 
properly and to reach informed judgments concerning likelihood of confusion under 15 U.S.C. 
§1052(d). Id.
 
In the present case, the following entries in the identification of services in International Class 
35 require clarification:
 
Marketing services in the nature of Internet marketing services including all methods of bringing 
traffic to business websites and mobile applications including designing, optimizing, and 
managing all types of Google AdWords pay per click (PPC) campaigns; 
•
email automation (marketing) campaigns, conversion rate optimization (CRO) including site 
architecture and landing page analysis; 
•
search engine engineering services (SEO); 
•
and all non-Google PPC advertising campaigns targeting popular desktop and mobile operating 
systems; 
•
 
This wording is indefinite, as an initial matter, because it appears that applicant has incorrectly used 
semicolons to separate wording that should be separated by commas. By doing so, applicant has 
separated what appear to be related internet marketing services into multiple, separate services. 
 
Applicant must correct the punctuation in the identification to clarify the individual items in the list of 
services. See 37 C.F.R. §2.32(a)(6); TMEP §1402.01(a). Proper punctuation in identifications is 
necessary to delineate explicitly each product or service within a list and to avoid ambiguity. In general, 
commas should be used in an identification (1) to separate a series of related items identified within a 
particular category of goods or services, (2) before and after “namely,” and (3) between each item in a 
list of goods or services following “namely” (e.g., personal care products, namely, body lotion, bar 
soap, shampoo). Id. Semicolons generally should be used to separate a series of distinct categories of 
goods or services within an international class (e.g., personal care products, namely, body lotion; 
deodorizers for pets; glass cleaners). Id. Thus, applicant should replace the semicolons in thewording with commas, if appropriate, or rewrite the identification with the semicolons deleted and the 
services specified using definite and unambiguous language.
 
This wording also requires clarification because the term "including" appears twice. The wording 
"including" in the identification of services is indefinite and must be deleted and replaced with a 
definite term, such as “namely,” “consisting of,” “particularly,” or “in particular.” See 37 C.F.R. 
§2.32(a)(6); TMEP §§1402.01, 1402.03(a). The identification must be specific and all-inclusive. 
"Including" is an open-ended term that is not acceptable because it fails to identify specific services. 
See TMEP §1402.03(a).
 
This wording must also be revised to remove references to third-party registered marks. The wording 
“Google” in the identification of services is a registered mark not owned by applicant; accordingly, 
applicant must amend the identification to delete this wording and, if not already included in the 
identification, provide the common commercial or generic name of the services. TMEP §1402.09; see 
37 C.F.R. §2.32(a)(6); Camloc Fastener Corp. v. Grant, 119 USPQ 264, 264 n.1 (TTAB 1958). See, 
e.g., attached U.S. Registration No. 4168118.
 
Identifications of goods and/or services should generally be comprised of generic everyday wording for 
the goods and/or services, and exclude proprietary or potentially-proprietary wording, such as a 
registered term. See TMEP §§1402.01, 1402.09. The misspelling or phonetic equivalent of a registered 
mark should similarly be excluded, unless it is the common name of the goods and/or services. TMEP 
§1402.09. A registered mark indicates origin in one particular party and so may not be used to identify 
goods and/or services that originate in a party other than that registrant. TMEP §1402.09 (citing 
Camloc Fastener Corp. v. Grant, 119 USPQ at 264 n.1).
 
In addition, the wording "search engine engineering services (SEO)" appears to be a scrivener's error. 
The acronym "SEO" is commonly used to denote "search engine optimization" services. See attached 
definitions from American Heritage Dictionary and Wikipedia. Further, the wording "search engine 
engineering services" is indefinite and potentially overbroad. To the extent that applicant provides 
search engine optimization services, applicant must revise this wording accordingly and provide 
additional detail as to the purpose of the optimization services to ensure proper classification in 
International Class 35 (e.g., "for sales promotion," or "for promoting the websites of others"). To the 
extent that applicant "engineers" or creates search engines for others, this service appears to constitute a 
technological service in International Class 42. See ID Manual, Term ID Nos. 035-2590 (explaining 
why the entry for "search engine optimization" was deleted), 042-1396 (listing "Provision of Internet 
search engines" in Class 42).   
 
For each instance requiring additional clarification, the examining attorney has provided an example of 
an acceptable amendment below. If the suggestions below are not accurate, applicant is encouraged to 
use the USPTO’s online Identification Manual (see ID Manual link below) to search for acceptable 
wording to properly identify the intended services.
 
EXAMPLE IDENTIFICATION OF SERVICES:  The following is an example of an acceptable 
identification of services that applicant may adopt, if accurate (additions in bold and deletions in 
strikethrough).
 
Class 35
 
Marketing services in the field of web site traffic optimization; Marketing services in the natureof Internet marketing services including all being methods of bringing traffic to business 
websites and mobile applications including, in particular, designing, optimizing, and managing 
all types of Google AdWords pay per click (PPC) advertising campaigns;, email 
marketing automation (marketing) campaigns, conversion rate optimization (CRO) including 
through website architecture and landing page analysis;, search engine engineering 
optimization services (SEO) for promoting the websites of others;, and all non-Google PPC 
advertising campaigns targeting popular desktop and mobile operating systems; Advertising and 
marketing services provided by means of indirect methods of marketing communications, 
namely, social media, search engine marketing, inquiry marketing, internet marketing, mobile 
marketing, blogging and other forms of passive, sharable or viral communications 
channels; Consulting services in the field of internet marketing 
 
SCOPE ADVISORY:  Applicant may amend the identification to clarify or limit the goods and/or 
services, but not to broaden or expand the goods and/or services beyond those in the original 
application or as acceptably amended.  See 37 C.F.R. §2.71(a); TMEP §1402.06.  Generally, any 
deleted goods and/or services may not later be reinserted.  See TMEP §1402.07(e).
 
ONLINE ID MANUAL:  For assistance with identifying and classifying goods and services in 
trademark applications, please see the USPTO’s online searchable U.S. Acceptable Identification of 
Goods and Services Manual.  See TMEP §1402.04.
 
For information on how to identify the goods and services in an application, applicant is encouraged to 
view the USPTO’s Trademark Information Network Video Number 6, “Goods and Services.”  
 
RESPONDING TO THIS OFFICE ACTION 
 
Response guidelines. For this application to proceed, applicant must explicitly address each refusal 
and/or requirement in this Office action. For a refusal, applicant may provide written arguments and 
evidence against the refusal, and may have other response options if specified above. For a 
requirement, applicant should set forth the changes or statements. Please see “Responding to Office 
Actions” and the informational video “Response to Office Action” for more information and tips on 
responding.
 
Please call or email the assigned trademark examining attorney with questions about this Office action. 
Although an examining attorney cannot provide legal advice, the examining attorney can provide 
additional explanation about the refusal(s) and/or requirement(s) in this Office action. See TMEP 
§§705.02, 709.06.
 
The USPTO does not accept emails as responses to Office actions; however, emails can be used for 
informal communications and are included in the application record. See 37 C.F.R. §§2.62(c), 2.191; 
TMEP §§304.01-.02, 709.04-.05.
 
How to respond.  Click to file a response to this nonfinal Office action./Todd Lewellen/
Todd Lewellen
Trademark Examining Attorney 
Law Office 110
(571) 272-3199
todd.lewellen@uspto.gov
 
 
RESPONSE GUIDANCE
Missing the response deadline to this letter will cause the application to abandon.  The 
response must be received by the USPTO before midnight Eastern Time of the last day of the 
response period.  TEAS maintenance or unforeseen circumstances could affect an applicant’s 
ability to timely respond.
•
Responses signed by an unauthorized party are not accepted and can cause the application to 
abandon.  If applicant does not have an attorney, the response must be signed by the individual 
applicant, all joint applicants, or someone with legal authority to bind a juristic applicant.  If 
applicant has an attorney, the response must be signed by the attorney.
•
If needed, find contact information for the supervisor of the office or unit listed in the 
signature block.
•Print: Sat Aug 27 2022
85531517
(5) WORDS, LETTERS, AND/OR NUMBERS IN STYLIZED FORM
Mark Punctuated
GOOGLE
Translation
Goods/Services
IC 042. US 100 101.G & S: Provision of Internet search engines. FIRST USE: 20000401. FIRST USE IN 
COMMERCE: 20000401
•
Mark Drawing Code
(5) WORDS, LETTERS, AND/OR NUMBERS IN STYLIZED FORM
Design Code
Serial Number
85531517
Filing Date
20120201
Current Filing Basis
1A
Original Filing Basis
1A
Publication for Opposition Date
20120417
Registration Number
4168118
Date Registered
20120703
Owner
(REGISTRANT) Google Inc. CORPORATION DELAWARE 1600 Amphitheatre Pkwy. Mountain View 
CALIFORNIA 94043 (LAST LISTED OWNER) GOOGLE LLC LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY 
DELAWARE 1600 AMPHITHEATRE PARKWAY MOUNTAIN VIEW CALIFORNIA 94043
Priority Date
Disclaimer Statement
Description of Mark
The color(s) blue, red, yellow, and green is/are claimed as a feature of the mark. The mark consists of the first 
letter "G" which is blue; the second letter "O" is red; the third letter "O" is yellow; the fourth letter "G" is blue; 
the fifth letter "L" is green; and the sixth letter "E" is red.
Type of MarkSERVICE MARK
Register
PRINCIPAL
Live Dead Indicator
LIVE
Attorney of Record
Monique E. LiburdUnited States Patent and Trademark Office (USPTO)
USPTO OFFICIAL NOTICE
Office Action (Official Letter) has issued  
on August 27, 2022 for  
U.S. Trademark Application Serial No.  97118795
A USPTO examining attorney has reviewed your trademark application and issued an Office 
action.  You must respond to this Office action in order to avoid your application 
abandoning.  Follow the steps below.
(1)  Read the Office action. This email is NOT the Office action.
(2)  Respond to the Office action by the deadline using the Trademark Electronic Application 
System (TEAS). Your response must be received by the USPTO on or before 11:59 p.m. 
Eastern Time of the last day of the response period. Otherwise, your application will be 
abandoned. See the Office action itself regarding how to respond.
(3)  Direct general questions about using USPTO electronic forms, the USPTO website, the 
application process, the status of your application, and whether there are outstanding deadlines 
to the Trademark Assistance Center (TAC).
After reading the Office action, address any question(s) regarding the specific content to the 
USPTO examining attorney identified in the Office action.
GENERAL GUIDANCE
Check the status of your application periodically in the Trademark Status & 
Document Retrieval (TSDR) database to avoid missing critical deadlines.
•
Update your correspondence email address to ensure you receive important USPTO 
notices about your application.
•
Beware of trademark-related scams. Protect yourself from people and companies that 
may try to take financial advantage of you. Private companies may call you and pretend 
to be the USPTO or may send you communications that resemble official USPTO 
documents to trick you. We will never request your credit card number or social security 
number over the phone. And all official USPTO correspondence will only be emailed 
from the domain “@uspto.gov.” Verify the correspondence originated from us by using 
your Serial Number in our database, TSDR, to confirm that it appears under the 
“Documents” tab, or contact the Trademark Assistance Center. 
•Hiring a U.S.-licensed attorney. If you do not have an attorney and are not required to 
have one under the trademark rules, we encourage you to hire a U.S.-licensed attorney 
specializing in trademark law to help guide you through the registration process. The 
USPTO examining attorney is not your attorney and cannot give you legal advice, but 
rather works for and represents the USPTO in trademark matters.
•