To:
Petutschnig, Dietmar(dietmar@panamaposse.com)
Subject:
U.S. Trademark Application Serial No. 97118887 - PANAMA POSSE
Sent:
August 24, 2022 07:27:57 AM EDT
Sent As:
tmng.notices@uspto.gov
Attachments
Panama
United States Patent and Trademark Office (USPTO) 
Office Action (Official Letter) About Applicant’s Trademark Application
 
U.S. Application Serial No. 97118887
Mark:  PANAMA POSSE
Correspondence Address:  
PETUTSCHNIG, DIETMAR 
9811 W CHARELSTON BLVD, 2262 
LAS VEGAS NV 89117 UNITED STATES
Applicant:  Petutschnig, Dietmar
Reference/Docket No. N/A
Correspondence Email Address:  dietmar@panamaposse.com
 
 
NONFINAL OFFICE ACTION
 
The USPTO must receive applicant’s response to this letter within six months of the issue date 
below or the application will be abandoned.  Respond using the Trademark Electronic Application 
System (TEAS).  A link to the appropriate TEAS response form appears at the end of this Office 
action.  
Issue date:  August 24, 2022
The referenced application has been reviewed by the assigned trademark examining attorney. 
 
The trademark examining attorney has searched the USPTO database of registered and pending marks 
and has found no conflicting marks that would bar registration under Trademark Act Section 2(d). 15 
U.S.C. §1052(d); TMEP §704.02.Applicant must respond timely and completely to the issue(s) below to enable further prosecution of the 
application. 15 U.S.C. §1062(b); 37 C.F.R. §§2.62(a), 2.65(a); TMEP §§711, 718.03.
 
Identification of services 
 
The bolded portion(s) of the identification of services is unacceptable and must be clarified because  it 
either lacks sufficient specificity and/or is too broad and/or is mis-classified. See 37 C.F.R. §2.32(a)(6); 
TMEP §1402.01.  Generally, applicant must amend the identification to specify the common 
commercial or generic name of the services. See TMEP §1402.01. If the services have no common 
commercial or generic name, applicant must describe or explain the nature of the services using clear 
and succinct language. See id.  Some suggestions are embedded in the identification and are in italics. 
 
Applicant may adopt any or all of the suggestions so long as they are accurate. If applicant does not 
adopt a suggestion, then applicant must amend the identification so that it is as specific as the 
suggestions or the language found in the U.S. Acceptable Identification of Goods and Services Manual.
 
For assistance with identifying and classifying goods and services in trademark applications, please see 
the USPTO’s online searchable U.S. Acceptable Identification of Goods and Services Manual. See 
TMEP §1402.04.
 
The current identification of services is:
 
International Class 041: Organizing sporting events, namely, boat, yacht, vessel rallies 
 
The bolded wording is not acceptable because it is not clear whether the rallies are for competition 
purposes or travel purposes.  The events would be classified in accordance with their nature and 
purpose.  The specimens of record as well as applicant's webpages seem to indicate that applicant 
organizes group travel events which involves the crossing of the Panama Canal.  As such, the purpose 
is for travel and not for competition.  Accordingly, applicant may adopt the following, if accurate:  
organizing boat, yacht and water vessel rallies for the purpose of sailing and travel through the Panama 
Canal in Class 39.  If there are competition components to this event, the following may be adopted, 
organizing sporting events in the nature of boat, yacht and water vessel rallies for competition purposes 
featuring the crossing of the Panama Canal in Class 41. 
 
Applicant's services may be clarified or limited, but may not be expanded beyond those originally 
itemized in the application or as acceptably amended. See 37 C.F.R. §2.71(a); TMEP §1402.06. 
Applicant may clarify or limit the identification by inserting qualifying language or deleting items to 
result in a more specific identification; however, applicant may not substitute different goods and/or 
services or add goods and/or services not found or encompassed by those in the original application or 
as acceptably amended. See TMEP §1402.06(a)-(b). The scope of the goods and/or services sets the 
outer limit for any changes to the identification and is generally determined by the ordinary meaning of 
the wording in the identification. TMEP §§1402.06(b), 1402.07(a)-(b). Any acceptable changes to the 
goods and/or services will further limit scope, and once goods and/or services are deleted, they are not 
permitted to be reinserted. TMEP §1402.07(e).
 
Multiple class application requirements 
 
The application references services based on use in commerce in more than one international class;therefore, applicant must satisfy all the requirements below for each international class:
 
(1)        List the goods and/or services by their international class number in 
consecutive numerical order, starting with the lowest numbered class (for example, 
International Class 3: perfume; International Class 18: cosmetic bags sold empty).
 
(2)        Submit a filing fee for each international class not covered by the fee(s) 
already paid (view the USPTO’s current fee schedule). Specifically, the application 
identifies goods and/or services based on use in commerce that are classified in more 
classes than those for which fees have been paid.  Applicant must either (a) submit the 
filing fees for the classes not covered by the submitted fees or (b) restrict the application to 
the number of classes covered by the fees already paid.
 
(3)        Submit verified dates of first use of the mark anywhere and in commerce 
for each international class. See more information about verified dates of use.
 
(4)        Submit a specimen for each international class. The current specimen is 
acceptable for class(es) 39; and applicant needs a specimen for any additional class(es). 
See more information about specimens.
 
Examples of specimens.       
 
Specimens for services must show a direct association between the mark and the services 
and include: (1) copies of advertising and marketing material, (2) a photograph of business 
signage or billboards, or (3) materials showing the mark in the sale, rendering, or 
advertising of the services.  See 37 C.F.R. §2.56(b)(2), (c); TMEP §1301.04(a), (h)(iv)(C). 
 
Any webpage printout or screenshot submitted as a specimen must include the webpage’s 
URL and the date it was accessed or printed on the specimen itself, within the TEAS form 
that submits the specimen, or in a verified statement under 37 C.F.R. §2.20 or 28 U.S.C. 
§1746 in a later-filed response. See 37 C.F.R. §2.56(c); TMEP §§904.03(i), 1301.04(a).
 
(5)        Submit a verified statement that “The specimen was in use in commerce 
on or in connection with the goods and/or services listed in the application at least as 
early as the filing date of the application.” See more information about verification.
 
See 37 C.F.R. §2.86(a); TMEP §§1403.01, 1403.02(c).
 
Disclaimer
 
Applicant must disclaim the wording “PANAMA” because it is primarily geographically descriptive of 
the origin of applicant’s goods and/or services. See 15 U.S.C. §1052(e)(2); In re Societe Generale des 
Eaux Minerales de Vittel S.A., 824 F.2d 957, 959, 3 USPQ2d 1450, 1451-52 (Fed. Cir. 1987); TMEP 
§§1210.01(a), 1210.06(a), 1213.03(a).
 
The attached evidence from the gazetteer shows that PANAMA is a generally known geographic place 
or location. See TMEP §§1210.02 et seq. The specimens show that applicant's services include the 
crossing of the canal in this country.   See TMEP §1210.03. Because the goods and/or services 
feature this place or location, a public association of the goods and/or services with the place ispresumed. See In re Hollywood Lawyers Online, 110 USPQ2d 1852, 1858 (TTAB 2014) (citing In re 
Spirits of New Merced, LLC, 85 USPQ2d 1614, 1621 (TTAB 2007)); TMEP §§1210.02(a) 1210.04.
 
Applicant may respond to this issue by submitting a disclaimer in the following format:
 
No claim is made to the exclusive right to use “PANAMA” apart from the mark as shown.
 
For an overview of disclaimers and instructions on how to provide one using the Trademark Electronic 
Application System (TEAS), see the Disclaimer webpage.
 
Response guidelines
 
Applicant should include the following information on all correspondence with the Office: (1) the name 
and law office number of the trademark examining attorney, (2) the serial number and filing date of the 
application, (3) the date of issuance of this Office action, (4) applicant's name, address, telephone 
number and e-mail address (if applicable), and (5) the mark. 37 C.F.R. §2.194(b)(1); TMEP §302.03(a). 
 
If applicant does not respond to this Office action within six months of the issue/mailing date, or 
responds by expressly abandoning the application, the application process will end and the trademark 
will fail to register. See 15 U.S.C. §1062(b); 37 C.F.R. §§2.65(a), 2.68(a); TMEP §§718.01, 718.02. 
Additionally, the USPTO will not refund the application filing fee, which is a required processing 
fee. See 37 C.F.R. §§2.6(a)(1)(i)-(iv), 2.209(a); TMEP §405.04.
 
When an application has abandoned for failure to respond to an Office action, an applicant may timely 
file a petition to revive the application, which, if granted, would allow the application to return to active 
status. See 37 C.F.R. §2.66; TMEP §1714. The petition must be filed within two months of the date of 
issuance of the notice of abandonment and may be filed online via the Trademark Electronic 
Application System (TEAS) with a $100 fee. See 37 C.F.R. §§2.6(a)(15)(ii), 2.66(a)(1), (b)(1).
 
 
How to respond.  Click to file a response to this nonfinal Office action.
 
 
/K. Margaret Le/
K. Margaret Le
(571) 272-9456
margaret.le@uspto.gov
 
 
RESPONSE GUIDANCE
Missing the response deadline to this letter will cause the application to abandon.  The 
response must be received by the USPTO before midnight Eastern Time of the last day of the 
response period.  TEAS maintenance or unforeseen circumstances could affect an applicant’s 
ability to timely respond.
•Responses signed by an unauthorized party are not accepted and can cause the application to 
abandon.  If applicant does not have an attorney, the response must be signed by the individual 
applicant, all joint applicants, or someone with legal authority to bind a juristic applicant.  If 
applicant has an attorney, the response must be signed by the attorney.
•
If needed, find contact information for the supervisor of the office or unit listed in the 
signature block.
•United States Patent and Trademark Office (USPTO)
USPTO OFFICIAL NOTICE
Office Action (Official Letter) has issued  
on August 24, 2022 for  
U.S. Trademark Application Serial No.  97118887
A USPTO examining attorney has reviewed your trademark application and issued an Office 
action.  You must respond to this Office action in order to avoid your application 
abandoning.  Follow the steps below.
(1)  Read the Office action. This email is NOT the Office action.
(2)  Respond to the Office action by the deadline using the Trademark Electronic Application 
System (TEAS). Your response must be received by the USPTO on or before 11:59 p.m. 
Eastern Time of the last day of the response period. Otherwise, your application will be 
abandoned. See the Office action itself regarding how to respond.
(3)  Direct general questions about using USPTO electronic forms, the USPTO website, the 
application process, the status of your application, and whether there are outstanding deadlines 
to the Trademark Assistance Center (TAC).
After reading the Office action, address any question(s) regarding the specific content to the 
USPTO examining attorney identified in the Office action.
GENERAL GUIDANCE
Check the status of your application periodically in the Trademark Status & 
Document Retrieval (TSDR) database to avoid missing critical deadlines.
•
Update your correspondence email address to ensure you receive important USPTO 
notices about your application.
•
Beware of trademark-related scams. Protect yourself from people and companies that 
may try to take financial advantage of you. Private companies may call you and pretend 
to be the USPTO or may send you communications that resemble official USPTO 
documents to trick you. We will never request your credit card number or social security 
number over the phone. And all official USPTO correspondence will only be emailed 
from the domain “@uspto.gov.” Verify the correspondence originated from us by using 
your Serial Number in our database, TSDR, to confirm that it appears under the 
“Documents” tab, or contact the Trademark Assistance Center. 
•Hiring a U.S.-licensed attorney. If you do not have an attorney and are not required to 
have one under the trademark rules, we encourage you to hire a U.S.-licensed attorney 
specializing in trademark law to help guide you through the registration process. The 
USPTO examining attorney is not your attorney and cannot give you legal advice, but 
rather works for and represents the USPTO in trademark matters.
•