To:
Lindenbaum, Max(Max.lindenbaum@gmail.com)
Subject:
U.S. Trademark Application Serial No. 97120514 - DEGENERATE ART
Sent:
August 26, 2022 02:23:54 PM EDT
Sent As:
tmng.notices@uspto.gov
Attachments
United States Patent and Trademark Office (USPTO) 
Office Action (Official Letter) About Applicant’s Trademark Application
 
U.S. Application Serial No. 97120514
Mark:  DEGENERATE ART
Correspondence Address:  
LINDENBAUM, MAX 
132 E 92 ST 
NEW YORK NY 10128 UNITED STATES
Applicant:  Lindenbaum, Max
Reference/Docket No. N/A
Correspondence Email Address:  Max.lindenbaum@gmail.com
 
 
NONFINAL OFFICE ACTION
 
The USPTO must receive applicant’s response to this letter within six months of the issue date 
below or the application will be abandoned.  Respond using the Trademark Electronic Application 
System (TEAS).  A link to the appropriate TEAS response form appears at the end of this Office 
action.  
Issue date:  August 26, 2022
Introduction
 
The referenced application has been reviewed by the assigned trademark examining attorney. Applicant 
must respond timely and completely to the issue(s) below. 15 U.S.C. §1062(b); 37 C.F.R. §§2.62(a), 
2.65(a); TMEP §§711, 718.03.Summary of Issues 
 
Search Results - No Conflicting Marks Found 
•
Disclaimer of Descriptive Wording Required 
•
 
Search Results - No Conflicting Marks Found 
 
The trademark examining attorney has searched the USPTO database of registered and pending marks 
and has found no conflicting marks that would bar registration under Trademark Act Section 2(d). 15 
U.S.C. §1052(d); TMEP §704.02.
 
Disclaimer of Descriptive Wording Required 
 
Applicant must disclaim the wording “ART” in the mark because it is merely descriptive of an 
ingredient, quality, characteristic, function, feature, purpose, or use of applicant’s services.  See 15 
U.S.C. §1052(e)(1); DuoProSS Meditech Corp. v. Inviro Med. Devices, Ltd., 695 F.3d 1247, 1251, 103 
USPQ2d 1753, 1755 (Fed. Cir. 2012); TMEP §§1213, 1213.03(a). 
 
The wording ART appears in the identification of services, which includes “retail store services for 
works of borosilicate glass art provided by art galleries and artists” thereby demonstrating that this 
wording merely describes a characteristic or feature of applicant’s services.  Thus, ART in the mark 
must be disclaimed.
 
Applicant may respond to this issue by submitting a disclaimer in the following format: 
 
No claim is made to the exclusive right to use “ART” apart from the mark as shown. 
 
For an overview of disclaimers and instructions on how to provide one using the Trademark Electronic 
Application System (TEAS), see the Disclaimer webpage. 
 
Response guidelines. For this application to proceed, applicant must explicitly address each refusal 
and/or requirement in this Office action. For a refusal, applicant may provide written arguments and 
evidence against the refusal, and may have other response options if specified above. For a 
requirement, applicant should set forth the changes or statements. Please see “Responding to Office 
Actions” and the informational video “Response to Office Action” for more information and tips on 
responding.
 
Please call or email the assigned trademark examining attorney to resolve the issues in this Office 
action. Although the USPTO does not accept emails as responses to Office actions, communication by 
phone or email is permissible to agree to proposed amendments to the application that will immediately 
place the application in condition for publication, registration, or suspension. See 37 C.F.R. §2.62(c); 
TMEP §707.
 
How to respond.  Click to file a response to this nonfinal Office action./Deborah Sterlin/
Deborah Sterlin
Trademark Examining Attorney 
Law Office 305
(571) 272-4529
deborah.sterlin@uspto.gov
 
 
RESPONSE GUIDANCE
Missing the response deadline to this letter will cause the application to abandon.  The 
response must be received by the USPTO before midnight Eastern Time of the last day of the 
response period.  TEAS maintenance or unforeseen circumstances could affect an applicant’s 
ability to timely respond.
•
Responses signed by an unauthorized party are not accepted and can cause the application to 
abandon.  If applicant does not have an attorney, the response must be signed by the individual 
applicant, all joint applicants, or someone with legal authority to bind a juristic applicant.  If 
applicant has an attorney, the response must be signed by the attorney.
•
If needed, find contact information for the supervisor of the office or unit listed in the 
signature block.
•United States Patent and Trademark Office (USPTO)
USPTO OFFICIAL NOTICE
Office Action (Official Letter) has issued  
on August 26, 2022 for  
U.S. Trademark Application Serial No.  97120514
A USPTO examining attorney has reviewed your trademark application and issued an Office 
action.  You must respond to this Office action in order to avoid your application 
abandoning.  Follow the steps below.
(1)  Read the Office action. This email is NOT the Office action.
(2)  Respond to the Office action by the deadline using the Trademark Electronic Application 
System (TEAS). Your response must be received by the USPTO on or before 11:59 p.m. 
Eastern Time of the last day of the response period. Otherwise, your application will be 
abandoned. See the Office action itself regarding how to respond.
(3)  Direct general questions about using USPTO electronic forms, the USPTO website, the 
application process, the status of your application, and whether there are outstanding deadlines 
to the Trademark Assistance Center (TAC).
After reading the Office action, address any question(s) regarding the specific content to the 
USPTO examining attorney identified in the Office action.
GENERAL GUIDANCE
Check the status of your application periodically in the Trademark Status & 
Document Retrieval (TSDR) database to avoid missing critical deadlines.
•
Update your correspondence email address to ensure you receive important USPTO 
notices about your application.
•
Beware of trademark-related scams. Protect yourself from people and companies that 
may try to take financial advantage of you. Private companies may call you and pretend 
to be the USPTO or may send you communications that resemble official USPTO 
documents to trick you. We will never request your credit card number or social security 
number over the phone. And all official USPTO correspondence will only be emailed 
from the domain “@uspto.gov.” Verify the correspondence originated from us by using 
your Serial Number in our database, TSDR, to confirm that it appears under the 
“Documents” tab, or contact the Trademark Assistance Center. 
•Hiring a U.S.-licensed attorney. If you do not have an attorney and are not required to 
have one under the trademark rules, we encourage you to hire a U.S.-licensed attorney 
specializing in trademark law to help guide you through the registration process. The 
USPTO examining attorney is not your attorney and cannot give you legal advice, but 
rather works for and represents the USPTO in trademark matters.
•