To:
Nomadqueen(jamilia@jamiliagrier.com)
Subject:
U.S. Trademark Application Serial No. 97120164 - NOMADQUEEN
Sent:
August 24, 2022 12:28:02 PM EDT
Sent As:
tmng.notices@uspto.gov
Attachments
United States Patent and Trademark Office (USPTO) 
Office Action (Official Letter) About Applicant’s Trademark Application
 
U.S. Application Serial No. 97120164
Mark:  NOMADQUEEN
Correspondence Address:  
NOMADQUEEN 
340 S LEMON AVE 
#7133 
WALNUT CA 91789 UNITED STATES
Applicant:  Nomadqueen
Reference/Docket No. N/A
Correspondence Email Address:  jamilia@jamiliagrier.com
 
 
NONFINAL OFFICE ACTION
 
The USPTO must receive applicant’s response to this letter within six months of the issue date 
below or the application will be abandoned.  Respond using the Trademark Electronic Application 
System (TEAS).  A link to the appropriate TEAS response form appears at the end of this Office 
action.  
Issue date:  August 24, 2022
Introduction
 
The referenced application has been reviewed by the assigned trademark examining attorney. Applicant 
must respond timely and completely to the issue(s) below. 15 U.S.C. §1062(b); 37 C.F.R. §§2.62(a), 
2.65(a); TMEP §§711, 718.03.Summary of Issues 
 
Search Results - No Conflicting Marks Found 
•
Specimen-Refusal 
•
Domicile Address-Amendment Required
•
Consent Not Needed 
•
Advisory Regarding Hiring Trademark Counsel
•
 
Search Results - No Conflicting Marks Found 
 
The trademark examining attorney has searched the USPTO database of registered and pending marks 
and has found no conflicting marks that would bar registration under Trademark Act Section 2(d). 15 
U.S.C. §1052(d); TMEP §704.02.
 
Specimen-Refusal 
 
Specimen does not show use of the mark in commerce. Registration is refused because the specimen 
does not show the applied-for mark as actually used in commerce in International Class 041. 
Trademark Act Sections 1 and 45, 15 U.S.C. §§1051, 1127; 37 C.F.R. §§2.34(a)(1)(iv), 2.56(a); TMEP 
§§904, 904.07(a), 1301.04(g)(i). An application based on Trademark Act Section 1(a) must include a 
specimen showing the applied-for mark as actually used in commerce for each international class of 
services identified in the application or amendment to allege use. 15 U.S.C. §1051(a)(1); 37 C.F.R. 
§§2.34(a)(1)(iv), 2.56(a); TMEP §§904, 904.07(a).
 
Specifically, the specimen does not show use of the mark in commerce because the submitted specimen 
shows a website, but this website is not publicly available.
 
Examples of specimens.  Specimens for services must show a direct association between the mark and 
the services and include: (1) copies of advertising and marketing material, (2) a photograph of business 
signage or billboards, or (3) materials showing the mark in the sale, rendering, or advertising of the 
services.  See 37 C.F.R. §2.56(b)(2), (c); TMEP §1301.04(a), (h)(iv)(C).  Any webpage printout or 
screenshot submitted as a specimen must include the webpage’s URL and the date it was accessed or 
printed on the specimen itself, within the TEAS form that submits the specimen, or in a verified 
statement under 37 C.F.R. §2.20 or 28 U.S.C. §1746 in a later-filed response.  See 37 C.F.R. §2.56(c); 
TMEP §§904.03(i), 1301.04(a).
 
Response options. Applicant may respond to this refusal by satisfying one of the following for each 
applicable international class:
 
(1)        Submit a different specimen (a verified “substitute” specimen) that (a) was 
in actual use in commerce at least as early as the filing date of the application or prior to 
the filing of an amendment to allege use and (b) shows the mark in actual use in 
commerce for the services identified in the application or amendment to allege use. A 
“verified substitute specimen” is a specimen that is accompanied by the following 
statement made in a signed affidavit or supported by a declaration under 37 C.F.R. 
§2.20: “The substitute (or new, or originally submitted, if appropriate) specimen(s) 
was/were in use in commerce at least as early as the filing date of the application or 
prior to the filing of the amendment to allege use.” The substitute specimen cannot beaccepted without this statement.
 
(2)        Amend the filing basis to intent to use under Section 1(b) (which includes 
withdrawing an amendment to allege use, if one was filed), as no specimen is required 
before publication. This option will later necessitate additional fee(s) and filing 
requirements, including a specimen.
 
For an overview of the response options referenced above and instructions on how to satisfy these 
options using the online Trademark Electronic Application System (TEAS) form, see the Specimen 
webpage.
 
Domicile Address-Amendment Required
 
Applicant must clarify its domicile street address because the domicile address of record is for a 
third-party commercial mail receiving agency and does not appear to be applicant’s permanent legal 
place of residence or principal place of business. See 37 C.F.R. §§2.11(b), 2.189; TMEP §601.01(b)(1). 
A domicile address must identify either (1) the permanent legal place of residence, which is the place 
an individual applicant resides and intends to be the applicant’s principal home; or (2) the principal 
place of business, which is the juristic applicant’s headquarters where its senior executives or officers 
ordinarily direct and control the entity’s activities.  See 37 C.F.R. §2.2(o)-(p); TMEP §803.05(a).
 
Applications must include an applicant’s domicile address because such domicile determines whether 
an applicant is required to have a U.S.-licensed attorney represent it before the USPTO. See 37 C.F.R. 
§§2.11(a), 2.32(a)(2); TMEP §§601, 803.05. An applicant whose domicile is located outside of the 
United States or its territories must be represented at the USPTO by an attorney who is an active 
member in good standing of the bar of the highest court of a U.S. state or territory. 37 C.F.R. §2.11(a); 
TMEP §601.01(a).
 
In this case, the application lists applicant as a juristic entity and specifies applicant’s domicile address 
as follows: 340 S. Lemon Ave. #7133, Walnut, CA 91789-2706. This address has been identified as a 
commercial mail receiving agency by the U.S. Postal Service Coding Accuracy Support System 
(CASS) and thus does not appear to be applicant’s headquarters where its senior executives or officers 
ordinarily direct and control the entity’s activities. See 37 C.F.R. §2.2(o)-(p); TMEP §601.01(b)(1). A 
commercial mail receiving agency is a private business that accepts mail from the U.S. Postal Service 
on behalf of third parties.
 
Response options. Applicant must provide its domicile street address. See 37 C.F.R. §§2.32(a)(2), 
2.189; TMEP §803.05. Alternatively, applicant may provide (1) documentation showing that the listed 
U.S. domicile address is, in fact, applicant’s domicile, or (2) a detailed explanation supporting that 
applicant has no fixed physical address. See 37 C.F.R. §2.11(b); TMEP §§601.01(b)-(b)(1), 803.05.
 
If applicant amends the application to list a domicile street address located outside of the United States 
or its territories, applicant must appoint a U.S.-licensed attorney qualified under 37 C.F.R. §11.14 as its 
representative before the application may proceed to registration. See 37 C.F.R. §2.11(a); TMEP 
§601.01(a). See Hiring a U.S.-licensed trademark attorney for more information. However, if applicant 
establishes its domicile street address is located within the United States or its territories, applicant is 
not required to appoint a qualified U.S.-licensed attorney. See TMEP §601.01(b).
 
To provide applicant’s domicile street address. After opening the correct Trademark ElectronicApplication System (TEAS) response form and entering the serial number, (1) answer “yes” to question 
5 and click “Continue;” (2) on the “Owner Information” page, in the “Domicile Address” field, 
uncheck the box stating the domicile and mailing address are not the same; and (3) below the checkbox 
provide applicant’s domicile street address. Applicant’s domicile street address will be hidden from 
public view if it is entered into the “Domicile Address” field. However, any street address listed in the 
“Mailing Address” field will be publicly viewable.
 
To provide documentation to support a U.S. domicile address. Applicant should provide the most 
recent documentation showing that the address is the applicant’s business headquarters, for example 
one of the following: (1) the most recent final annual or quarterly report or other similar report; or (2) a 
current, valid signed rental, lease, or mortgage agreement for office space. TMEP §601.01(b)-(b)(1); 
see 37 C.F.R. §2.11(b). Submitted documentation must show the name, listed domicile address, and the 
date of the document but should redact other personal and financial information.
 
To provide this documentation, open the correct TEAS response form and enter the serial number, 
answer “yes” to question 3, and on the “Additional Statement(s)” page, below the “Miscellaneous 
Statement” field, click the button below the text box to attach documentation to support the U.S. street 
address.
 
To provide a detailed explanation that applicant has no fixed physical address. If applicant has no 
physical headquarters where its senior executives or officers ordinarily direct and control the business 
(e.g., because the business is conducted virtually), applicant should state for the record that applicant 
has no fixed physical address and provide a detailed explanation of the circumstances.
 
To provide this explanation, open the correct TEAS response form and enter the serial number, answer 
“yes” to question 3, and on the “Additional Statement(s)” page, in the “Miscellaneous Statement” field, 
enter the referenced explanation in the text box.
 
To appoint a U.S.-licensed attorney in this application, applicant should submit a completed TEAS 
Change Address or Representation form.  The newly-appointed attorney must submit a TEAS Response 
to Examining Attorney Office Action form indicating that an appointment of attorney has been made 
and address all other refusals or requirements in this action, if any.  Alternatively, if applicant retains an 
attorney before filing the response, the attorney can respond to this Office action by using the 
appropriate TEAS response form and provide his or her attorney information in the form and sign it as 
applicant’s attorney.  See 37 C.F.R. §2.17(b)(1)(ii); TMEP §604.01.
 
Consent Not Needed
 
Applicant’s statement regarding the name, portrait or signature of a living individual identified in the 
mark will not be published on any registration that may issue from this application. The statement is 
unnecessary because the mark on its face would not reasonably be perceived as the name or likeness of 
a specific living individual. TMEP §§813.01(b), 1206.05.
 
Response guidelines. For this application to proceed, applicant must explicitly address each refusal 
and/or requirement in this Office action. For a refusal, applicant may provide written arguments and 
evidence against the refusal, and may have other response options if specified above. For a 
requirement, applicant should set forth the changes or statements. Please see “Responding to Office 
Actions” and the informational video “Response to Office Action” for more information and tips on 
responding.Please call or email the assigned trademark examining attorney with questions about this Office action. 
Although an examining attorney cannot provide legal advice, the examining attorney can provide 
additional explanation about the refusal(s) and/or requirement(s) in this Office action. See TMEP 
§§705.02, 709.06.
 
The USPTO does not accept emails as responses to Office actions; however, emails can be used for 
informal communications and are included in the application record. See 37 C.F.R. §§2.62(c), 2.191; 
TMEP §§304.01-.02, 709.04-.05.
 
Advisory Regarding Hiring Trademark Counsel
 
Because of the legal technicalities and strict deadlines of the trademark application process, applicant is 
encouraged to hire a private attorney who specializes in trademark matters to assist in this process. The 
assigned trademark examining attorney can provide only limited assistance explaining the content of an 
Office action and the application process. USPTO staff cannot provide legal advice or statements about 
an applicant’s legal rights. TMEP §§705.02, 709.06. See Hiring a U.S.-licensed trademark attorney for 
more information.  
 
 
How to respond.  Click to file a response to this nonfinal Office action.
 
 
/Kelly Ryan/
Kelly Ryan
Trademark Examining Attorney 
Law Office 305
(571) 272-0047
kelly.ryan@uspto.gov
 
 
RESPONSE GUIDANCE
Missing the response deadline to this letter will cause the application to abandon.  The 
response must be received by the USPTO before midnight Eastern Time of the last day of the 
response period.  TEAS maintenance or unforeseen circumstances could affect an applicant’s 
ability to timely respond.
•
Responses signed by an unauthorized party are not accepted and can cause the application to 
abandon.  If applicant does not have an attorney, the response must be signed by the individual 
applicant, all joint applicants, or someone with legal authority to bind a juristic applicant.  If 
applicant has an attorney, the response must be signed by the attorney.
•
If needed, find contact information for the supervisor of the office or unit listed in the 
signature block.
•United States Patent and Trademark Office (USPTO)
USPTO OFFICIAL NOTICE
Office Action (Official Letter) has issued  
on August 24, 2022 for  
U.S. Trademark Application Serial No.  97120164
A USPTO examining attorney has reviewed your trademark application and issued an Office 
action.  You must respond to this Office action in order to avoid your application 
abandoning.  Follow the steps below.
(1)  Read the Office action. This email is NOT the Office action.
(2)  Respond to the Office action by the deadline using the Trademark Electronic Application 
System (TEAS). Your response must be received by the USPTO on or before 11:59 p.m. 
Eastern Time of the last day of the response period. Otherwise, your application will be 
abandoned. See the Office action itself regarding how to respond.
(3)  Direct general questions about using USPTO electronic forms, the USPTO website, the 
application process, the status of your application, and whether there are outstanding deadlines 
to the Trademark Assistance Center (TAC).
After reading the Office action, address any question(s) regarding the specific content to the 
USPTO examining attorney identified in the Office action.
GENERAL GUIDANCE
Check the status of your application periodically in the Trademark Status & 
Document Retrieval (TSDR) database to avoid missing critical deadlines.
•
Update your correspondence email address to ensure you receive important USPTO 
notices about your application.
•
Beware of trademark-related scams. Protect yourself from people and companies that 
may try to take financial advantage of you. Private companies may call you and pretend 
to be the USPTO or may send you communications that resemble official USPTO 
documents to trick you. We will never request your credit card number or social security 
number over the phone. And all official USPTO correspondence will only be emailed 
from the domain “@uspto.gov.” Verify the correspondence originated from us by using 
your Serial Number in our database, TSDR, to confirm that it appears under the 
“Documents” tab, or contact the Trademark Assistance Center. 
•Hiring a U.S.-licensed attorney. If you do not have an attorney and are not required to 
have one under the trademark rules, we encourage you to hire a U.S.-licensed attorney 
specializing in trademark law to help guide you through the registration process. The 
USPTO examining attorney is not your attorney and cannot give you legal advice, but 
rather works for and represents the USPTO in trademark matters.
•NOTE TO THE FILE
SERIAL NUMBER:            97120164
DATE:                                08/24/2022
NAME:                               kryan
NOTE:         
Searched:                                                             
 X   Google                            
     Lexis/Nexis                       
     OneLook
     Wikipedia
     Acronym Finder                         Protest evidence reviewed
     Other: searched for applicant's website
Checked:                                                             
     Geographic significance          
     Surname                          
     Translation
     ID with ID/CLASS mailbox
     Checked list of approved Canadian attorneys and agents
Discussed file with
Attorney/Applicant via:
        phone                               Left message with
        email                               Attorney/Applicant
     Requested Law Library search           Issued Examiner’s Amendment
     for:                                   and entered changes in TRADEUPS
        PRINT        DO NOT PRINT           Added design code in TRADEUPS
     Description of the mark
     Translation statement                  Re-imaged standard character
                                            drawing
     Negative translation statement             
     Consent of living individual           Contacted TM MADRID ID/CLASS
                                            about misclassified definite ID
     Changed TRADEUPS to:
     OTHER:
         Sent to TICRS as Serial Number: 97120164NOTE TO THE FILE
SERIAL NUMBER:            97120164
DATE:                                08/24/2022
NAME:                               kryan
NOTE:         
Searched:                                                             
 X   Google                            
     Lexis/Nexis                       
     OneLook
     Wikipedia
     Acronym Finder                         Protest evidence reviewed
     Other: searched for applicant's website
Checked:                                                             
     Geographic significance          
     Surname                          
     Translation
     ID with ID/CLASS mailbox
     Checked list of approved Canadian attorneys and agents
Discussed file with
Attorney/Applicant via:
        phone                               Left message with
        email                               Attorney/Applicant
     Requested Law Library search           Issued Examiner’s Amendment
     for:                                   and entered changes in TRADEUPS
        PRINT        DO NOT PRINT           Added design code in TRADEUPS
     Description of the mark
     Translation statement                  Re-imaged standard character
                                            drawing
     Negative translation statement             
     Consent of living individual           Contacted TM MADRID ID/CLASS
                                            about misclassified definite ID
     Changed TRADEUPS to:
     OTHER: