To:
Keelin A. Hargadon(docketing@obwbip.com)
Subject:
U.S. Trademark Application Serial No. 97120340 - PLANTERAY - 
18075/005001
Sent:
August 26, 2022 03:21:15 PM EDT
Sent As:
tmng.notices@uspto.gov
Attachments
United States Patent and Trademark Office (USPTO) 
Office Action (Official Letter) About Applicant’s Trademark Application
 
U.S. Application Serial No. 97120340
Mark:  PLANTERAY
Correspondence Address:  
KEELIN A. HARGADON 
OSHA BERGMAN WATANABE & BURTON, LLP 
909 FANNIN ST., STE. 3500 
HOUSTON TX 77010 UNITED STATES
Applicant:  Cognac Ferrand
Reference/Docket No. 18075/005001
Correspondence Email Address:  docketing@obwbip.com
 
 
NONFINAL OFFICE ACTION
 
The USPTO must receive applicant’s response to this letter within six months of the issue date 
below or the application will be abandoned.  Respond using the Trademark Electronic Application 
System (TEAS).  A link to the appropriate TEAS response form appears at the end of this Office 
action.  
Issue date:  August 26, 2022
The referenced application has been reviewed by the assigned trademark examining attorney. Applicant 
must respond timely and completely to the issue(s) below. 15 U.S.C. §1062(b); 37 C.F.R. §§2.62(a), 
2.65(a); TMEP §§711, 718.03.
 
SUMMARY OF ISSUES:Identification of goods
•
Classification of goods
•
Multi-class application requirements
•
 
SEARCH RESULT
 
The trademark examining attorney has searched the USPTO database of registered and pending marks 
and has found no conflicting marks that would bar registration under Trademark Act Section 2(d). 15 
U.S.C. §1052(d); TMEP §704.02.
 
IDENTIFICATION OF GOODS 
 
Some of the identification of goods are indefinite and must be clarified.  See 37 C.F.R. §2.32(a)(6); 
TMEP §1402.01.  Applicant must amend the identification to specify the common commercial or 
generic name of the goods.  See TMEP §1402.01.  If the goods have no common commercial or generic 
name, applicant must describe the product, its main purpose, and its intended uses.  See id.
 
Digestives are classified in class 5.  The "cognac" must be specified as shown below to avoid a Section 
2(a) refusal.
 
The application encompasses goods that are classified in more than one class.
 
For easier reference, the suggested amendments are shown in bold and italics.
 
Applicant may adopt the following identification, if accurate:  
 
Digestives for pharmaceutical purposes, in international class 5; 
 
Alcoholic beverages, except beer; liqueurs and; spirits; distilled wines; gin; vodka; brandy; rum; Grape 
brandy distilled in the Cognac region of France in compliance with the laws and regulations of the 
French Government, in international class 33. 
 
Applicant’s goods may be clarified or limited, but may not be expanded beyond those originally 
itemized in the application or as acceptably amended. See 37 C.F.R. §2.71(a); TMEP §1402.06. 
Applicant may clarify or limit the identification by inserting qualifying language or deleting items to 
result in a more specific identification; however, applicant may not substitute different goods or add 
goods not found or encompassed by those in the original application or as acceptably amended. See 
TMEP §1402.06(a)-(b). The scope of the goods sets the outer limit for any changes to the identification 
and is generally determined by the ordinary meaning of the wording in the identification. TMEP 
§§1402.06(b), 1402.07(a)-(b). Any acceptable changes to the goods will further limit scope, and once 
goods are deleted, they are not permitted to be reinserted. TMEP §1402.07(e).
 
For assistance with identifying and classifying goods and services in trademark applications, 
please see the USPTO’s online searchable U.S. Acceptable Identification of Goods and Services 
Manual. See TMEP §1402.04.  To expedite prosecution of this trademark application, when 
amending the identification as required above, the Office strongly encourages the applicant to 
select pre-approved wording contained within this manual that accurately describes the goods 
and/or services therein.  Failure to do so may result in delay.CLASSIFICATION OF GOODS
 
If applicant adopts the suggested amendment of the identification of goods, then applicant must amend 
the classification to International Class(es) 5 and 33. See 37 C.F.R. §§2.32(a)(7), 2.85; TMEP §§805, 
1401.
 
MULTIPLE-CLASS APPLICATION REQUIREMENTS
 
The application identifies goods in more than one international class; therefore, applicant must satisfy 
all the requirements below for each international class based on Trademark Act Section 44:
 
(1)        List the goods by their international class number in consecutive numerical order, starting 
with the lowest numbered class.
 
(2)     Submit a filing fee for each international class not covered by the fee(s) already paid (view the 
USPTO’s current fee schedule).  The application identifies goods that are classified in at least two (2) 
classes; however, applicant submitted a fee(s) sufficient for only one class(es).  Applicant must either 
submit the filing fees for the classes not covered by the submitted fees or restrict the application to the 
number of classes covered by the fees already paid.
 
See 37 C.F.R. §2.86(a); TMEP §§1403.01, 1403.02(c).
 
For an overview of the requirements for a Section 44 multiple-class application and how to satisfy the 
requirements online using the Trademark Electronic Application System (TEAS) form, see the 
Multiple-class Application webpage.
 
How to respond.  Click to file a response to this nonfinal Office action.
 
 
/Alex Seong Keam/
Attorney-Advisor 
U.S. Patent and Trademark Office 
Law Office 114
(571) 272-9176
alex.keam@uspto.gov
 
 
RESPONSE GUIDANCE
Missing the response deadline to this letter will cause the application to abandon.  The 
response must be received by the USPTO before midnight Eastern Time of the last day of the 
response period.  TEAS maintenance or unforeseen circumstances could affect an applicant’s 
ability to timely respond.
•
Responses signed by an unauthorized party are not accepted and can cause the application to 
•abandon.  If applicant does not have an attorney, the response must be signed by the individual 
applicant, all joint applicants, or someone with legal authority to bind a juristic applicant.  If 
applicant has an attorney, the response must be signed by the attorney.
If needed, find contact information for the supervisor of the office or unit listed in the 
signature block.
•United States Patent and Trademark Office (USPTO)
USPTO OFFICIAL NOTICE
Office Action (Official Letter) has issued  
on August 26, 2022 for  
U.S. Trademark Application Serial No.  97120340
A USPTO examining attorney has reviewed your trademark application and issued an Office 
action.  You must respond to this Office action in order to avoid your application 
abandoning.  Follow the steps below.
(1)  Read the Office action. This email is NOT the Office action.
(2)  Respond to the Office action by the deadline using the Trademark Electronic Application 
System (TEAS). Your response must be received by the USPTO on or before 11:59 p.m. 
Eastern Time of the last day of the response period. Otherwise, your application will be 
abandoned. See the Office action itself regarding how to respond.
(3)  Direct general questions about using USPTO electronic forms, the USPTO website, the 
application process, the status of your application, and whether there are outstanding deadlines 
to the Trademark Assistance Center (TAC).
After reading the Office action, address any question(s) regarding the specific content to the 
USPTO examining attorney identified in the Office action.
GENERAL GUIDANCE
Check the status of your application periodically in the Trademark Status & 
Document Retrieval (TSDR) database to avoid missing critical deadlines.
•
Update your correspondence email address to ensure you receive important USPTO 
notices about your application.
•
Beware of trademark-related scams. Protect yourself from people and companies that 
may try to take financial advantage of you. Private companies may call you and pretend 
to be the USPTO or may send you communications that resemble official USPTO 
documents to trick you. We will never request your credit card number or social security 
number over the phone. And all official USPTO correspondence will only be emailed 
from the domain “@uspto.gov.” Verify the correspondence originated from us by using 
your Serial Number in our database, TSDR, to confirm that it appears under the 
“Documents” tab, or contact the Trademark Assistance Center. 
•Hiring a U.S.-licensed attorney. If you do not have an attorney and are not required to 
have one under the trademark rules, we encourage you to hire a U.S.-licensed attorney 
specializing in trademark law to help guide you through the registration process. The 
USPTO examining attorney is not your attorney and cannot give you legal advice, but 
rather works for and represents the USPTO in trademark matters.
•