To:
HERPREVENT LLC(annmarie.townsend@aimhosp.com)
Subject:
U.S. Trademark Application Serial No. 97120338 - SHINKAI
Sent:
August 26, 2022 06:36:01 PM EDT
Sent As:
tmng.notices@uspto.gov
Attachments
United States Patent and Trademark Office (USPTO) 
Office Action (Official Letter) About Applicant’s Trademark Application
 
U.S. Application Serial No. 97120338
Mark:  SHINKAI
Correspondence Address:  
HERPREVENT LLC 
307 STONE HOLLOW CT 
PROSPER TX 75078 UNITED STATES
Applicant:  HERPREVENT LLC
Reference/Docket No. N/A
Correspondence Email Address:  annmarie.townsend@aimhosp.com
 
 
NONFINAL OFFICE ACTION
 
The USPTO must receive applicant’s response to this letter within six months of the issue date 
below or the application will be abandoned.  Respond using the Trademark Electronic Application 
System (TEAS).  A link to the appropriate TEAS response form appears at the end of this Office 
action.  
Issue date:  August 26, 2022
The referenced application has been reviewed by the assigned trademark examining attorney. Applicant 
must respond timely and completely to the issue(s) below. 15 U.S.C. §1062(b); 37 C.F.R. §§2.62(a), 
2.65(a); TMEP §§711, 718.03.
 
SUMMARY OF ISSUES:Translation
•
Description of mark
•
 
PLEASE NOTE:  The examining attorney has attempted to contact the applicant/attorney to 
resolve the below issue(s); however, there was no response.  Please call or email the assigned 
trademark examining attorney to resolve the issue(s) in this Office action. Although the USPTO does 
not accept emails as responses to Office actions, communication by phone or email is permissible to 
agree to proposed amendments to the application that will immediately place the application in 
condition for publication, registration, or suspension. See 37 C.F.R. §2.62(c); TMEP §707.
 
SEARCH RESULT
 
The trademark examining attorney has searched the USPTO database of registered and pending marks 
and has found no conflicting marks that would bar registration under Trademark Act Section 2(d). 15 
U.S.C. §1052(d); TMEP §704.02.
 
TRANSLATION 
 
The applicant states that SHINKAI does not have a meaning in a foreign language.  However, the 
applicant states that the transliteration of the Kanji characters is SHINKAI which means "God of the 
Sea."  The statement that SHINKAI does not have a meaning in a foreign language must be deleted and 
amended to state that the wording SHINKAI means "God of the Sea."
 
To permit proper examination of the application, applicant must submit an English translation of the 
foreign wording in the mark, if any. 37 C.F.R. §§2.32(a)(9), 2.61(b); see TMEP §809. The following is 
suggested:
 
        The English translation of “SHINKAI” in the mark is “God of the Sea.”
 
TMEP §809.03. 
 
To respond to this requirement for information, open the appropriate Trademark Electronic Application 
System (TEAS) response form and enter the serial number, answer “yes” to question 3, and provide the 
information on the “Additional Statement(s)” page in the “Translation” text box(es) in the form.
 
Applicant has a duty to respond directly and completely to this requirement for information. See In re 
Ocean Tech., Inc., 2019 USPQ2d 450686, at *2 (TTAB 2019) (citing In re AOP LLC, 107 USPQ2d 
1644, 1651 (TTAB 2013)); TMEP §814. Failure to comply with a requirement for information is an 
independent ground for refusing registration. In re SICPA Holding SA, 2021 USPQ2d 613, at *6 
(TTAB 2021) (citing In re Cheezwhse.com, Inc., 85 USPQ2d 1917, 1919 (TTAB 2008); In re DTI 
P’ship LLP, 67 USPQ2d 1699, 1701-02 (TTAB 2003); TMEP §814).
 
DESCRIPTION OF MARK
 
Applicant must submit an amended description of the mark because the current one is incomplete and 
does not describe all the significant aspects of the mark. 37 C.F.R. §2.37; see TMEP §§808.01, 808.02. 
Descriptions must be accurate and identify all the literal and design elements in the mark. See 37 C.F.R. 
§2.37; TMEP §§808 et seq.The following description is suggested, if accurate:
 
        The mark consists of the Kanji characters that transliterate to "shin Kai" behind the 
wording "shinkai."
 
RESPONSE GUIDELINES
 
For this application to proceed, applicant must explicitly address each refusal and/or requirement in this 
Office action.  For a refusal, applicant may provide written arguments and evidence against the refusal, 
and may have other response options if specified above.  For a requirement, applicant should set forth 
the changes or statements.  Please see “Responding to Office Actions” and the informational video 
“Response to Office Action” for more information and tips on responding.
 
The United States Patent and Trademark Office (USPTO) website provides information for those 
unfamiliar with the process of applying for federal trademark registration, such as an e-booklet about 
registering trademarks, FAQs, and more.  Two tools on the USPTO’s website that are particularly 
helpful during the examination process are the (1) informational videos and (2) application processing 
timelines.  The videos provide information in a broadcast news format regarding a range of issues that 
arise during the examination of an application, such as specimens and goods and services.  The 
application processing timelines provide information regarding the USPTO’s processing time for 
certain documents, as well as crucial legal deadlines.
 
QUESTIONS ABOUT THIS ACTION
 
If the applicant has technical questions about the TEAS response to Office action form, the applicant 
can 
review 
the 
electronic 
filing 
tips 
available 
online 
at 
http://www.uspto.gov/trademarks/teas/e_filing_tips.jsp and send technical questions to the TEAS 
Support Team at TEAS@uspto.gov via e-mail.  Please include your name, telephone number, serial 
number and/or registration number, a description of the issue, including the name of the TEAS form 
you are having problems with (e.g., “Response to Office Action Form,” “Request for Extension of 
Time to File a Statement of Use,” etc.), and a screen shot of any error message that you are receiving.  
You should receive a response within two (2) hours if the e-mail message is submitted during normal 
business hours. 
 
For status inquiries or copies of documents, an applicant may check the status of or view documents 
filed in the trademark and/or service mark application or registration twenty-four (24) hours a day, 
seven (7) days a week, using the Trademark Status and Document Retrieval (TSDR) database on the 
USPTO website at http://tsdr.uspto.gov/.  To obtain this status or view these documents, enter the 
application serial number or registration number and click on “Status” or “Documents.”  Do not attempt 
to check status until approximately four to five (4-5) days after submission of a filing, to allow 
sufficient time for all USPTO databases to be updated.
 
For all other non-legal matters, including petitions to revive or reinstate an application, please contact 
the 
Trademark 
Assistance 
Center 
(TAC).  
TAC 
may 
be 
reached 
by 
e-mail 
at 
TrademarkAssistanceCenter@uspto.gov or by telephone at (800) 786-9199.  For non-technical matters, 
TAC is open from 8:30 a.m. to 8:00 p.m. Eastern Standard Time (EST), Monday through Friday, 
except on federal government holidays.  A list of federal government holidays is available at the 
following 
website: 
https://www.opm.gov/policy-data-oversight/snow-dismissal-procedures/federal-
holidays/.If applicant has questions regarding the legal issues in this Office action, please call the assigned 
trademark examining attorney.
 
How to respond.  Click to file a response to this nonfinal Office action.
 
 
/Alex Seong Keam/
Attorney-Advisor 
U.S. Patent and Trademark Office 
Law Office 114
(571) 272-9176
alex.keam@uspto.gov
 
 
RESPONSE GUIDANCE
Missing the response deadline to this letter will cause the application to abandon.  The 
response must be received by the USPTO before midnight Eastern Time of the last day of the 
response period.  TEAS maintenance or unforeseen circumstances could affect an applicant’s 
ability to timely respond.
•
Responses signed by an unauthorized party are not accepted and can cause the application to 
abandon.  If applicant does not have an attorney, the response must be signed by the individual 
applicant, all joint applicants, or someone with legal authority to bind a juristic applicant.  If 
applicant has an attorney, the response must be signed by the attorney.
•
If needed, find contact information for the supervisor of the office or unit listed in the 
signature block.
•United States Patent and Trademark Office (USPTO)
USPTO OFFICIAL NOTICE
Office Action (Official Letter) has issued  
on August 26, 2022 for  
U.S. Trademark Application Serial No.  97120338
A USPTO examining attorney has reviewed your trademark application and issued an Office 
action.  You must respond to this Office action in order to avoid your application 
abandoning.  Follow the steps below.
(1)  Read the Office action. This email is NOT the Office action.
(2)  Respond to the Office action by the deadline using the Trademark Electronic Application 
System (TEAS). Your response must be received by the USPTO on or before 11:59 p.m. 
Eastern Time of the last day of the response period. Otherwise, your application will be 
abandoned. See the Office action itself regarding how to respond.
(3)  Direct general questions about using USPTO electronic forms, the USPTO website, the 
application process, the status of your application, and whether there are outstanding deadlines 
to the Trademark Assistance Center (TAC).
After reading the Office action, address any question(s) regarding the specific content to the 
USPTO examining attorney identified in the Office action.
GENERAL GUIDANCE
Check the status of your application periodically in the Trademark Status & 
Document Retrieval (TSDR) database to avoid missing critical deadlines.
•
Update your correspondence email address to ensure you receive important USPTO 
notices about your application.
•
Beware of trademark-related scams. Protect yourself from people and companies that 
may try to take financial advantage of you. Private companies may call you and pretend 
to be the USPTO or may send you communications that resemble official USPTO 
documents to trick you. We will never request your credit card number or social security 
number over the phone. And all official USPTO correspondence will only be emailed 
from the domain “@uspto.gov.” Verify the correspondence originated from us by using 
your Serial Number in our database, TSDR, to confirm that it appears under the 
“Documents” tab, or contact the Trademark Assistance Center. 
•Hiring a U.S.-licensed attorney. If you do not have an attorney and are not required to 
have one under the trademark rules, we encourage you to hire a U.S.-licensed attorney 
specializing in trademark law to help guide you through the registration process. The 
USPTO examining attorney is not your attorney and cannot give you legal advice, but 
rather works for and represents the USPTO in trademark matters.
•