To:
Jennifer M. Mikulina(ipdocketmwe@mwe.com)
Subject:
U.S. Trademark Application Serial No. 97120882 - S SUSTANA FIBER
Sent:
August 25, 2022 05:22:33 PM EDT
Sent As:
tmng.notices@uspto.gov
Attachments
United States Patent and Trademark Office (USPTO) 
Office Action (Official Letter) About Applicant’s Trademark Application
 
U.S. Application Serial No. 97120882
Mark:  S SUSTANA FIBER
Correspondence Address:  
JENNIFER M. MIKULINA 
MCDERMOTT WILL & EMERY LLP 
444 WEST LAKE STREET, SUITE 4000 
CHICAGO IL 60606-0029 UNITED STATES
Applicant:  Sustana Fiber, LLC
Reference/Docket No. N/A
Correspondence Email Address:  ipdocketmwe@mwe.com
 
 
NONFINAL OFFICE ACTION
 
The USPTO must receive applicant’s response to this letter within six months of the issue date 
below or the application will be abandoned.  Respond using the Trademark Electronic Application 
System (TEAS).  A link to the appropriate TEAS response form appears at the end of this Office 
action.  
Issue date:  August 25, 2022
The referenced application has been reviewed by the assigned trademark examining attorney. Applicant 
must respond timely and completely to the issue(s) below. 15 U.S.C. §1062(b); 37 C.F.R. §§2.62(a), 
2.65(a); TMEP §§711, 718.03.SEARCH OF USPTO DATABASE OF MARKS
 
The trademark examining attorney has searched the USPTO database of registered and pending marks 
and has found no conflicting marks that would bar registration under Trademark Act Section 2(d). 15 
U.S.C. §1052(d); TMEP §704.02.
 
SUMMARY OF ISSUES:
 
Amended Classification of Goods Required
•
Disclaimer Required
•
 
AMENDED CLASSIFICATION OF GOODS REQUIRED
THIS PARTIAL REQUIREMENT APPLIES TO CLASS 16 ONLY
 
 
Applicant has classified “Finished recycled cellulose fiber for the production of bathroom and facial 
tissue” in International Class 16; however, the proper classification is International Class 01. Therefore, 
applicant may respond by (1) amending International Class 01 to the application and reclassifying these 
goods  in the proper international class, (2) deleting “Finished recycled cellulose fiber for the 
production of bathroom and facial tissue” from the application, or (3) deleting the remainder of the 
items in the identification and reclassifying the specified goods and/or services in the proper 
international class. See 37 C.F.R. §§2.86(a), 6.1; TMEP §§1403.02 et seq. If applicant adds one or 
more international classes to the application, applicant must comply with the multiple-class 
requirements specified in this Office action.
 
Applicant may adopt the following if accurate:
 
International Class 01:Recycled paper fibers, namely, deinked pulp; Recycled cellulosic fiber 
pulp for use in the manufacture of food packaging, paper board used in disposable cups, paper 
bags, lining sheets for food service baking and heating application, fine printing and writing 
paper, kraft papers, envelope paper, and non-commercial printing paper with one or more overt 
security features; Finished recycled cellulose fiber for the production of bathroom and facial 
tissue
 
International Class 16:Paper board used in disposable cups, fine printing and writing paper, kraft 
papers, envelope paper, and non-commercial printing paper with one or more overt security 
features; Recycled cellulose fiber paper without fluorescence; 
 
 
Applicant may amend the identification to clarify or limit the goods and/or services, but not to broaden 
or expand the goods and/or services beyond those in the original application or as acceptably amended. 
See 37 C.F.R. §2.71(a); TMEP §1402.06. Generally, any deleted goods and/or services may not later be 
reinserted. See TMEP §1402.07(e).
 
For assistance with identifying and classifying goods and services in trademark applications, please see 
the USPTO’s online searchable U.S. Acceptable Identification of Goods and Services Manual. See 
TMEP §1402.04.
 
Applicant must also respond to the requirement set forth below.DISCLAIMER REQUIRED
 
Applicant must disclaim the wording “FIBER” because it is merely descriptive of an ingredient, 
quality, characteristic, function, feature, purpose, or use of applicant’s goods.  See 15 U.S.C. 
§1052(e)(1); DuoProSS Meditech Corp. v. Inviro Med. Devices, Ltd., 695 F.3d 1247, 1251, 103 
USPQ2d 1753, 1755 (Fed. Cir. 2012); TMEP §§1213, 1213.03(a).
 
 This wording appears in applicant's identification of goods. Thus, the wording merely describes 
applicant’s goods because it describes the type and characteristic of applicant's goods.
 
Applicant may respond to this issue by submitting a disclaimer in the following format: 
 
No claim is made to the exclusive right to use “FIBER” apart from the mark as shown. 
 
For an overview of disclaimers and instructions on how to provide one using the Trademark Electronic 
Application System (TEAS), see the Disclaimer webpage. 
 
 
RESPONSE GUIDELINES 
 
Please call or email the assigned trademark examining attorney with questions about this Office action. 
Although an examining attorney cannot provide legal advice, the examining attorney can provide 
additional explanation about the requirements in this Office action. See TMEP §§705.02, 709.06.
 
The USPTO does not accept emails as responses to Office actions; however, emails can be used for 
informal communications and are included in the application record. See 37 C.F.R. §§2.62(c), 2.191; 
TMEP §§304.01-.02, 709.04-.05.
 
 
How to respond.  Click to file a response to this nonfinal Office action.
 
 
/Anastasia Mebane/
Anastasia Mebane
(571) 272-1725
anastasia.mebane@uspto.gov
 
 
RESPONSE GUIDANCE
Missing the response deadline to this letter will cause the application to abandon.  The 
response must be received by the USPTO before midnight Eastern Time of the last day of the 
response period.  TEAS maintenance or unforeseen circumstances could affect an applicant’s 
•ability to timely respond.
Responses signed by an unauthorized party are not accepted and can cause the application to 
abandon.  If applicant does not have an attorney, the response must be signed by the individual 
applicant, all joint applicants, or someone with legal authority to bind a juristic applicant.  If 
applicant has an attorney, the response must be signed by the attorney.
•
If needed, find contact information for the supervisor of the office or unit listed in the 
signature block.
•United States Patent and Trademark Office (USPTO)
USPTO OFFICIAL NOTICE
Office Action (Official Letter) has issued  
on August 25, 2022 for  
U.S. Trademark Application Serial No.  97120882
A USPTO examining attorney has reviewed your trademark application and issued an Office 
action.  You must respond to this Office action in order to avoid your application 
abandoning.  Follow the steps below.
(1)  Read the Office action. This email is NOT the Office action.
(2)  Respond to the Office action by the deadline using the Trademark Electronic Application 
System (TEAS). Your response must be received by the USPTO on or before 11:59 p.m. 
Eastern Time of the last day of the response period. Otherwise, your application will be 
abandoned. See the Office action itself regarding how to respond.
(3)  Direct general questions about using USPTO electronic forms, the USPTO website, the 
application process, the status of your application, and whether there are outstanding deadlines 
to the Trademark Assistance Center (TAC).
After reading the Office action, address any question(s) regarding the specific content to the 
USPTO examining attorney identified in the Office action.
GENERAL GUIDANCE
Check the status of your application periodically in the Trademark Status & 
Document Retrieval (TSDR) database to avoid missing critical deadlines.
•
Update your correspondence email address to ensure you receive important USPTO 
notices about your application.
•
Beware of trademark-related scams. Protect yourself from people and companies that 
may try to take financial advantage of you. Private companies may call you and pretend 
to be the USPTO or may send you communications that resemble official USPTO 
documents to trick you. We will never request your credit card number or social security 
number over the phone. And all official USPTO correspondence will only be emailed 
from the domain “@uspto.gov.” Verify the correspondence originated from us by using 
your Serial Number in our database, TSDR, to confirm that it appears under the 
“Documents” tab, or contact the Trademark Assistance Center. 
•Hiring a U.S.-licensed attorney. If you do not have an attorney and are not required to 
have one under the trademark rules, we encourage you to hire a U.S.-licensed attorney 
specializing in trademark law to help guide you through the registration process. The 
USPTO examining attorney is not your attorney and cannot give you legal advice, but 
rather works for and represents the USPTO in trademark matters.
•