To:
Suzann Moskowitz(suzann@themoskowitzfirm.com)
Subject:
U.S. Trademark Application Serial No. 97120838 - PHYTO NECTARS - 160
Sent:
August 24, 2022 10:24:02 AM EDT
Sent As:
tmng.notices@uspto.gov
Attachments
screencapture-www-lexico-com-en-definition-phyto-16612964466341
screencapture-www-merriam-webster-com-dictionary-nectars-16612965808191
United States Patent and Trademark Office (USPTO) 
Office Action (Official Letter) About Applicant’s Trademark Application
 
U.S. Application Serial No. 97120838
Mark:  PHYTO NECTARS
Correspondence Address:  
SUZANN MOSKOWITZ 
THE MOSKOWITZ FIRM LLC 
24870 FAIRMOUNT BLVD 
BEACHWOOD OH 44122 UNITED STATES
Applicant:  Phillips, Katia Narain
Reference/Docket No. 160
Correspondence Email Address:  suzann@themoskowitzfirm.com
 
 
NONFINAL OFFICE ACTION
 
The USPTO must receive applicant’s response to this letter within six months of the issue date 
below or the application will be abandoned.  Respond using the Trademark Electronic Application 
System (TEAS).  A link to the appropriate TEAS response form appears at the end of this Office 
action.  
Issue date:  August 24, 2022
The referenced application has been reviewed by the assigned trademark examining attorney. Applicant 
must respond timely and completely to the issue(s) below. 15 U.S.C. §1062(b); 37 C.F.R. §§2.62(a), 
2.65(a); TMEP §§711, 718.03.SUMMARY OF ISSUES:
 
Section 2(e)(1) Refusal-Mark is Merely Descriptive
•
Identification of Goods 
•
 
 
SEARCH OF OFFICE'S DATABASE
 
 
The trademark examining attorney has searched the USPTO's database of registered and pending marks 
and has found no conflicting marks that would bar registration under Trademark Act Section 
2(d). TMEP §704.02; see 15 U.S.C.  §1052.(d).
 
 
SECTION 2(e)(1) REFUSAL-MARK IS MERELY DESCRIPTIVE
 
 
Registration is refused because the applied-for mark merely describes a feature of applicant's goods.  
Trademark Act Section 2(e)(1), 15 U.S.C. §1052(e)(1); see TMEP §§1209.01(b), 1209.03 et seq.
 
 
A mark is merely descriptive if it describes an ingredient, quality, characteristic, function, feature, 
purpose, or use of an applicant's goods. TMEP §1209.01(b); see, e.g., In re TriVita, Inc., 783 F.3d 
872, 874, 114 USPQ2d 1574, 1575 (Fed. Cir. 2015) (quoting In re Oppedahl & Larson LLP, 373 
F.3d 1171, 1173, 71 USPQ2d 1370, 1371 (Fed. Cir. 2004)); In re Steelbuilding.com, 415 F.3d 1293, 
1297, 75 USPQ2d 1420, 1421 (Fed. Cir. 2005) (citing Estate of P.D. Beckwith, Inc. v. Comm’r of 
Patents, 252 U.S. 538, 543 (1920)).
 
 
 
Applicant has applied to register the mark PHYTO NECTARS for Dietary supplement and dietetic 
preparations; nutritional supplements; mineral supplements; vitamin supplements; protein 
supplements; probiotic supplements; multivitamins; nutraceutical preparations for therapeutic or 
medical purposes; nutraceutical preparations for use as a dietary supplement; dietary supplement drink 
mixes; dietary supplement drinks; dietary supplements in powder form; powdered nutritional 
supplement drink mix; food supplements for non-medical purposes; liquid nutritional supplements; 
liquid vitamin supplements; herbal supplements and herbal extracts; nutritional supplement energy 
bars; medicated candy; gummy vitamins; Non-alcoholic beverages; beverages containing vitamins; 
vitamin fortified non-alcoholic beverage; vitamin enriched water; vitamin enriched sparkling water; 
dilutable preparations for making beverages; syrups for beverages; powders for effervescing 
beverages; powders used in the preparation of fruit-based drinks; powders for the preparation of 
beverages.  The wording "PHYTO" is defined as "of a plant; relating to plants."  Consumers will 
recognize from this language that applicant's product is plant based.  The wording "NECTARS" is the 
plural version of "NECTAR" which is defined as "a beverage of fruit juice and pulp."  The applicant is 
specifically providing powders for the preparation of NECTARS or fruit-based drinks.  See attached 
definitions.  Accordingly, the mark as applied to the specified goods merely describes a feature of 
applicant's goods and registration is refused under Section 2(e)(1) of the Trademark Act.Although applicant's mark has been refused registration, applicant may respond to the refusal by 
submitting evidence and arguments in support of registration.
 
If applicant responds to the refusal(s), applicant must also respond to the requirement(s) set forth 
below.
 
 
IDENTIFICATION OF GOODS 
 
 
The identification of services is indefinite and must be clarified because it is too broad and could 
include services in other international classes.  See TMEP §1402.01 §1402.03.    
 
Applicant should note that the wording in bold and/or bold ALL CAPS below shows the changes 
being proposed for the identification of goods and services.  Items with a strike through are to be 
deleted (e.g., toilet). When making its amendments, applicant should enter them in standard font, NOT 
bold ALL CAPS or with a strike through.
 
 
Applicant may adopt the following identification and classification of services, if accurate:
  
  
International Class 005: Dietary supplementS; and dietetic preparations ADAPTED FOR 
MEDICAL PURPOSES; nutritional supplements; mineral supplements; vitamin supplements; 
protein supplements; probiotic supplements; multivitamins PREPARATIONS; nutraceutical 
preparations for therapeutic or medical purposes FOR THE TREATMENT OF ______ [specify 
e.g., allergies]; nutraceutical preparations for use as a dietary supplement for therapeutic and or 
medical purposes; dietary supplement drink mixes; POWDERED FRUIT-FLAVORED dietary 
supplement drinks MIX; dietary supplements in powder form; powdered nutritional supplement drink 
mix; food supplements for non-medical purposes; liquid nutritional supplements; liquid vitamin 
supplements; herbal supplements and herbal extracts FOR MEDICAL PURPOSES; nutritional 
supplement energy bars; medicated candy; gummy vitamins; beverages containing vitamins FOR 
USE AS A NUTRITIONAL SUPPLEMENT; vitamin enriched water FOR MEDICAL 
PURPOSES; vitamin enriched sparkling water FOR MEDICAL PURPOSES 
 
International Class 032: Non-alcoholic FRUIT JUICE beverages; beverages containing 
vitamins; [move to International Class 005] vitamin fortified non-alcoholic beverageS, NAMELY, 
ENERGY DRINKS; vitamin enriched water; [move to International Class 005] vitamin enriched 
sparkling water[move to International Class 005]; dilutable preparations for making beverages, 
NAMELY, SYRUPS FOR MAKING BEVERAGES; syrups for MAKING NON-ALCOHOLIC 
FRUIT JUICE beverages; powders for effervescing beverages, NAMELY, FOR MAKING NON-
ALCOHOLIC CARBONATED BEVERAGES; powders used in the preparation of fruit-based 
drinks; powders for the preparation of beverages IN THE NATURE OF SOFT DRINKS
 
 
Applicant’s goods and/or services may be clarified or limited, but may not be expanded beyond those 
originally itemized in the application or as acceptably amended. See 37 C.F.R. §2.71(a); TMEP§1402.06. Applicant may clarify or limit the identification by inserting qualifying language or deleting 
items to result in a more specific identification; however, applicant may not substitute different goods 
and/or services or add goods and/or services not found or encompassed by those in the original 
application or as acceptably amended. See TMEP §1402.06(a)-(b). The scope of the goods and/or 
services sets the outer limit for any changes to the identification and is generally determined by the 
ordinary meaning of the wording in the identification. TMEP §§1402.06(b), 1402.07(a)-(b). Any 
acceptable changes to the goods and/or services will further limit scope, and once goods and/or services 
are deleted, they are not permitted to be reinserted. TMEP §1402.07(e).
 
 
For assistance with identifying and classifying goods and services in trademark applications, please see 
the USPTO’s online searchable U.S. Acceptable Identification of Goods and Services Manual. See 
TMEP §1402.04.
 
 
Please call or email the assigned trademark examining attorney with questions about this Office action. 
Although an examining attorney cannot provide legal advice, the examining attorney can provide 
additional explanation about the refusal(s) and/or requirement(s) in this Office action. See TMEP 
§§705.02, 709.06.
 
The USPTO does not accept emails as responses to Office actions; however, emails can be used for 
informal communications and are included in the application record. See 37 C.F.R. §§2.62(c), 2.191; 
TMEP §§304.01-.02, 709.04-.05.
 
 
How to respond.  Click to file a response to this nonfinal Office action.
 
 
/Shavell McPherson-Rayburn/
Shavell McPherson-Rayburn
(571) 272-6121
shavell.mcpherson-rayburn@uspto.gov
 
 
RESPONSE GUIDANCE
Missing the response deadline to this letter will cause the application to abandon.  The 
response must be received by the USPTO before midnight Eastern Time of the last day of the 
response period.  TEAS maintenance or unforeseen circumstances could affect an applicant’s 
ability to timely respond.
•
Responses signed by an unauthorized party are not accepted and can cause the application to 
abandon.  If applicant does not have an attorney, the response must be signed by the individual 
applicant, all joint applicants, or someone with legal authority to bind a juristic applicant.  If 
applicant has an attorney, the response must be signed by the attorney.
•If needed, find contact information for the supervisor of the office or unit listed in the 
signature block.
•United States Patent and Trademark Office (USPTO)
USPTO OFFICIAL NOTICE
Office Action (Official Letter) has issued  
on August 24, 2022 for  
U.S. Trademark Application Serial No.  97120838
A USPTO examining attorney has reviewed your trademark application and issued an Office 
action.  You must respond to this Office action in order to avoid your application 
abandoning.  Follow the steps below.
(1)  Read the Office action. This email is NOT the Office action.
(2)  Respond to the Office action by the deadline using the Trademark Electronic Application 
System (TEAS). Your response must be received by the USPTO on or before 11:59 p.m. 
Eastern Time of the last day of the response period. Otherwise, your application will be 
abandoned. See the Office action itself regarding how to respond.
(3)  Direct general questions about using USPTO electronic forms, the USPTO website, the 
application process, the status of your application, and whether there are outstanding deadlines 
to the Trademark Assistance Center (TAC).
After reading the Office action, address any question(s) regarding the specific content to the 
USPTO examining attorney identified in the Office action.
GENERAL GUIDANCE
Check the status of your application periodically in the Trademark Status & 
Document Retrieval (TSDR) database to avoid missing critical deadlines.
•
Update your correspondence email address to ensure you receive important USPTO 
notices about your application.
•
Beware of trademark-related scams. Protect yourself from people and companies that 
may try to take financial advantage of you. Private companies may call you and pretend 
to be the USPTO or may send you communications that resemble official USPTO 
documents to trick you. We will never request your credit card number or social security 
number over the phone. And all official USPTO correspondence will only be emailed 
from the domain “@uspto.gov.” Verify the correspondence originated from us by using 
your Serial Number in our database, TSDR, to confirm that it appears under the 
“Documents” tab, or contact the Trademark Assistance Center. 
•Hiring a U.S.-licensed attorney. If you do not have an attorney and are not required to 
have one under the trademark rules, we encourage you to hire a U.S.-licensed attorney 
specializing in trademark law to help guide you through the registration process. The 
USPTO examining attorney is not your attorney and cannot give you legal advice, but 
rather works for and represents the USPTO in trademark matters.
•