To:
Jack Baldini Esq.,(jack@baldinilaw.com)
Subject:
U.S. Trademark Application Serial No. 97120051 - ELEVEN SPORTS
Sent:
August 24, 2022 05:15:09 PM EDT
Sent As:
tmng.notices@uspto.gov
Attachments
79336946
79316941
1.jpg
2.jpg
3.jpg
United States Patent and Trademark Office (USPTO) 
Office Action (Official Letter) About Applicant’s Trademark Application
 
U.S. Application Serial No. 97120051
Mark:  ELEVEN SPORTS
Correspondence Address:  
JACK BALDINI ESQ., 
BALDINI LAW LLC 
12557 LEATHERLEAF DRIVE 
TAMPA FL 33626 UNITED STATES
Applicant:  HappyFeet Legends Tampa Bay, Inc.
Reference/Docket No. N/A
Correspondence Email Address:  jack@baldinilaw.com
 
 
NONFINAL OFFICE ACTION
 
The USPTO must receive applicant’s response to this letter within six months of the issue date 
below or the application will be abandoned.  Respond using the Trademark Electronic Application 
System (TEAS).  A link to the appropriate TEAS response form appears at the end of this Office 
action.  
Issue date:  August 24, 2022The referenced application has been reviewed by the assigned trademark examining attorney. Applicant 
must respond timely and completely to the issue(s) below. 15 U.S.C. §1062(b); 37 C.F.R. §§2.62(a), 
2.65(a); TMEP §§711, 718.03.
 
SUMMARY OF ISSUES:
PRIOR-FILED PENDING APPLICATIONS
•
DISCLAIMER REQUIRED
•
 
PRIOR-FILED PENDING APPLICATION
 
The filing dates of pending U.S. Application Serial Nos. 79316941 and 79336946 precede applicant’s 
filing date.  See attached referenced applications.  If one or more of the marks in the referenced 
applications register, applicant’s mark may be refused registration under Trademark Act Section 2(d) 
because of a likelihood of confusion with the registered mark(s).  See 15 U.S.C. §1052(d); 37 C.F.R. 
§2.83; TMEP §§1208 et seq.  Therefore, upon receipt of applicant’s response to this Office action, 
action on this application may be suspended pending final disposition of the earlier-filed referenced 
applications.
 
In response to this Office action, applicant may present arguments in support of registration by 
addressing the issue of the potential conflict between applicant’s mark and the marks in the referenced 
applications.  Applicant’s election not to submit arguments at this time in no way limits applicant’s 
right to address this issue later if a refusal under Section 2(d) issues.
 
DISCLAIMER REQUIRED
 
Applicant must disclaim the wording “SPORTS” because it is merely descriptive of an ingredient, 
quality, characteristic, function, feature, purpose, or use of applicant’s goods and/or services.  See 15 
U.S.C. §1052(e)(1); DuoProSS Meditech Corp. v. Inviro Med. Devices, Ltd., 695 F.3d 1247, 1251, 103 
USPQ2d 1753, 1755 (Fed. Cir. 2012); TMEP §§1213, 1213.03(a). 
 
The attached evidence from websites of third parties shows this wording is commonly used in 
connection with similar goods to mean clothing for use during sports.  Thus, the wording merely 
describes applicant’s goods because applicant offers clothing items for use in sports including sports 
jerseys.
 
Applicant may respond to this issue by submitting a disclaimer in the following format: 
 
No claim is made to the exclusive right to use “SPORTS” apart from the mark as shown. 
 
For an overview of disclaimers and instructions on how to provide one using the Trademark Electronic 
Application System (TEAS), see the Disclaimer webpage. 
 
RESPONSE GUIDELINES
 
Please call or email the assigned trademark examining attorney with questions about this Office action. 
Although an examining attorney cannot provide legal advice, the examining attorney can provide 
additional explanation about the refusal(s) and/or requirement(s) in this Office action. See TMEP 
§§705.02, 709.06.The USPTO does not accept emails as responses to Office actions; however, emails can be used for 
informal communications and are included in the application record. See 37 C.F.R. §§2.62(c), 2.191; 
TMEP §§304.01-.02, 709.04-.05.
 
How to respond.  Click to file a response to this nonfinal Office action.
 
 
 
/Katie Foss/
(571) 272-4067
katherine.foss@uspto.gov
 
 
RESPONSE GUIDANCE
Missing the response deadline to this letter will cause the application to abandon.  The 
response must be received by the USPTO before midnight Eastern Time of the last day of the 
response period.  TEAS maintenance or unforeseen circumstances could affect an applicant’s 
ability to timely respond.
•
Responses signed by an unauthorized party are not accepted and can cause the application to 
abandon.  If applicant does not have an attorney, the response must be signed by the individual 
applicant, all joint applicants, or someone with legal authority to bind a juristic applicant.  If 
applicant has an attorney, the response must be signed by the attorney.
•
If needed, find contact information for the supervisor of the office or unit listed in the 
signature block.
•Print: Wed Aug 24 2022
79336946
(4) STANDARD CHARACTER MARK
Mark Punctuated
11TEAMSPORTS
Translation
Goods/Services
IC 016. US 002 005 022 023 029 037 038 050.G & S: Iron-on transfers; silk screen prints; printed matter; 
labels of paper or cardboard
•
IC 018. US 001 002 003 022 041.G & S: Travelling bags; pouches; bags; rucksacks; garment carriers; 
bags for sports; hipsacks
•
IC 025. US 022 039.G & S: Clothing; footwear; headgear; sportswear; sports jackets; sports pants; sports 
caps; sports shoes; sports singlets; headbands [clothing]; stockings; sweat-absorbent stockings; sweaters; 
tee-shirts; gym suits; knitwear [clothing]; sports jerseys
•
IC 026. US 037 039 040 042 050.G & S: Heat adhesive patches; heat adhesive patches for decoration of 
textile articles [haberdashery]; heat adhesive patches for repairing textile articles; patches (textile -) for 
ironing-on; embroidery
•
IC 028. US 022 023 038 050.G & S: Games and playthings; gymnastic and sporting articles
•
IC 035. US 100 101 102.G & S: Cost price analysis; business inquiries; business management 
consultancy; professional business consultancy, in particular for franchise concepts; book-keeping; 
services rendered by a franchisor, namely, assistance in the running or management of industrial or 
commercial enterprises; advisory services (business -) relating to the operation of franchises; office 
functions; computerized file management; advertising agency services; wholesaling and retailing, 
including via the internet, in relation to the following goods: heat transfers, silk-screen-prints, printed 
matter, labels, not of textile, travelling bags, bags, bags, rucksacks, bags for clothes, sport bags, bumbags, 
clothing foot wear, sportswear, sports bibs, sports pants, sports caps, footwear for sports, sports singlets, 
headbands (clothing), stockings, sweat-absorbent stockings, sweaters, t-shirts, tracksuits, knitwear 
(clothing), singlets; wholesaling and retailing, including via the internet, in relation to the following 
goods: iron-on decorative patches, heat adhesive patches for decoration of textile articles, heat adhesive 
patches for repair and decoration of textile articles, textile iron-on pictures, embroidery; compilation of 
statistics; preparation of accounts; business expertise services; invoicing; publication of publicity texts; 
layout services for advertising purposes; marketing; market research; opinion polling; merchandising; 
public relations services; online retail or mail order catalogue retail services in relation to the following 
goods: travelling bags, handbags, bags, bags, pouches of leather, rucksacks, bags for clothes, sport bags, 
clothing foot wear, sportswear, sports bibs, sports pants, sports caps, footwear for sports, sports singlets, 
headbands (clothing), stockings, sweat-absorbent stockings, sweaters, t-shirts, tracksuits, knitwear 
(clothing), singlets, games and playthings, gymnastic and sporting articles; business organization 
consultancy; presentation of goods on communications media, in particular for retail; planning services 
for advertising; business consultancy and advisory services; business administration; dissemination of 
advertising matter; writing of publicity texts; sales promotion; arranging of contracts for the buying and 
selling of goods for others, in particular clothing, footwear, headwear and sporting articles; distribution of 
advertising material; demonstration of goods; publicity columns preparation; providing an online 
marketplace for the sale of sportswear, sporting articles, footwear and bags for sports
•
IC 040. US 100 103 106.G & S: Printing on clothing; textile printing; pattern printing on fabric; dyeing of 
•clothing; transfer of photographic prints; silkscreen printing; flocking for clothing; flocking for headwear; 
treating of textiles, treatment of fabric and leather working; embroidering; embroidering; laminating; 
laser scribing services; engraving; providing information relating to embroidery services
IC 045. US 100 101.G & S: Licensing of industrial property rights, in particular for franchises; industrial 
property rights management
•
Mark Drawing Code
(4) STANDARD CHARACTER MARK
Design Code
Serial Number
79336946
Filing Date
20211129
Current Filing Basis
66A
Original Filing Basis
66A
Publication for Opposition Date
Registration Number
Date Registered
Owner
(APPLICANT) eleven teamsports GmbH GESELLSCHAFT MIT BESCHRÄNKTER HAFTUNG (G FED 
REP GERMANY Im Winkel 1-3 74589 Satteldorf FED REP GERMANY
Priority Date
20210629
Disclaimer Statement
Description of Mark
Type of Mark
TRADEMARK. SERVICE MARK
Register
PRINCIPAL
Live Dead Indicator
LIVE
Attorney of RecordPrint: Wed Aug 24 2022
79316941
(3) DESIGN PLUS WORDS, LETTERS, AND/OR NUMBERS
Mark Punctuated
11TEAMSPORTS
Translation
Goods/Services
IC 018. US 001 002 003 022 041.G & S: Travelling bags; handbags; bags; bags, pouches of leather; 
backpacks; bags for clothes; bags for sports
•
IC 025. US 022 039.G & S: Clothing, footwear, headgear; heels; heelpieces for footwear; suits; babies' 
pants [clothing]; layettes [clothing]; swimsuits; bathing trunks; bath robes; bathing caps; bath sandals; 
bath slippers; bandanas [neckerchiefs]; berets; leg warmers; clothing of imitations of leather; motorists' 
clothing; clothing; paper clothing; boas [necklets]; teddies [undergarments]; brassieres; chasubles; 
dresses; shower caps; inner soles; pocket squares; masquerade costumes; mittens; fishing vests; football 
boots; footmuffs, not electrically heated; gabardines [clothing]; galoshes; spats; money belts [clothing]; 
non-slipping devices for footwear; belts [clothing]; clothing for gymnastics; gymnastic shoes; half-boots; 
scarfs; gloves [clothing]; slips [undergarments]; shirt yokes; shirts; shirt fronts; wooden shoes; trousers; 
gaiter straps; suspenders; girdles; hats; hat frames [skeletons]; jackets [clothing]; jerseys [clothing]; stuff 
jackets [clothing]; bodices [lingerie]; skull caps; hoods [clothing]; ready-made linings [parts of clothing]; 
pockets for clothing; ready-made clothing; headgear for wear; camisoles; corsets [underclothing]; 
shoulder wraps; detachable collars; neckties; ascots; short-sleeve shirts; bibs, not of paper; clothing of 
leather; leggings [trousers]; underwear; liveries; maniples; cuffs; coats; pelisses; mantillas; corselets; 
miters [hats]; dressing gowns; muffs [clothing]; caps [headwear]; cap peaks; outerclothing; ear muffs 
[clothing]; combinations [clothing]; slippers; paper hats [clothing]; parkas; pelerines; furs [clothing]; 
petticoats; ponchos; pullovers; pyjamas; cyclists' clothing; welts for footwear; waterproof clothing; skirts; 
sandals; saris; sarongs; collar protectors; sashes for wear; sleep masks; veils [clothing]; wimples; 
breeches for wear; lace boots; fittings of metal for footwear; shoes; soles for footwear; footwear uppers; 
tips for footwear; footwear; smocks; aprons [clothing]; dress shields; ski gloves; ski boots; skorts; 
underpants; socks; sock suspenders; boots for sports; sports shoes; boots; boot uppers; headbands 
[clothing]; esparto shoes or sandals; shawls; fur stoles; studs for football boots; beach clothes; beach 
shoes; garters; stockings; sweat-absorbent stockings; heelpieces for stockings; stocking suspenders; 
tights; sweaters; tee-shirts; togas; jumper dresses; knitwear [clothing]; singlets; turbans; topcoats; 
uniforms; anti-sweat underwear; pants; wet suits for water-skiing; vests; hosiery; top hats
•
IC 028. US 022 023 038 050.G & S: Games and playthings; gymnastic and sporting articles not included 
in other classes
•
IC 035. US 100 101 102.G & S: Cost price analysis; business inquiries; business management 
consultancy; professional business consultancy, in particular for franchise concepts; accounting; services 
rendered by a franchisor, namely, assistance in the running or management of industrial or commercial 
enterprises; business advisory services relating to the operation of franchises; office functions; 
computerised file management; publicity agencies; wholesaling and retailing, including via the internet, 
of travelling bags, handbags, bags, holdalls, pouches of leather, rucksacks, bags for clothes, sports bags, 
clothing, footwear, headgear, nets for sports, bags adapted for carrying sporting equipment, bags adapted 
for sports equipment, gymnastic and and sporting articles, diving equipment; compilation of statistics; 
billing; efficiency experts; invoicing; publication of publicity texts; compilation of statistics; layout 
•services for advertising purposes; marketing; marketing studies; opinion polling; merchandising; public 
relation services; online or catalogue mail order of travelling bags, handbags, bags, holdalls, pouches of 
leather, rucksacks, bags for clothes, sports bags, clothing, footwear, headgear, nets for sports, bags 
adapted for carrying sporting equipment, bags adapted for sports equipment, gymnastic and and sporting 
articles, diving equipment; business organization consultancy; presentation of goods, in particular on 
communications media, for retail purposes; planning of advertising initiatives; business advice and 
consultancy; business administration; dissemination of advertising matter; writing of publicity texts; sales 
promotion; arranging of contracts for the buying and selling of goods, for others, in particular of sporting 
articles; distribution of promotional matter; presentation of goods; publicity columns preparation
IC 045. US 100 101.G & S: Licensing of industrial property rights, in particular for franchises; industrial 
property management
•
Mark Drawing Code
(3) DESIGN PLUS WORDS, LETTERS, AND/OR NUMBERS
Design Code
090307 260121 270301
Serial Number
79316941
Filing Date
20210629
Current Filing Basis
66A
Original Filing Basis
66A
Publication for Opposition Date
Registration Number
Date Registered
Owner
(APPLICANT) eleven teamsports GmbH GmbH FED REP GERMANY Im Winkel 1-3 74589 Satteldorf FED 
REP GERMANY
Priority Date
Disclaimer Statement
Description of Mark
The color(s) white, red and black is/are claimed as a feature of the mark.
Type of Mark
TRADEMARK. SERVICE MARK
Register
PRINCIPAL
Live Dead Indicator
LIVE
Attorney of RecordUnited States Patent and Trademark Office (USPTO)
USPTO OFFICIAL NOTICE
Office Action (Official Letter) has issued  
on August 24, 2022 for  
U.S. Trademark Application Serial No.  97120051
A USPTO examining attorney has reviewed your trademark application and issued an Office 
action.  You must respond to this Office action in order to avoid your application 
abandoning.  Follow the steps below.
(1)  Read the Office action. This email is NOT the Office action.
(2)  Respond to the Office action by the deadline using the Trademark Electronic Application 
System (TEAS). Your response must be received by the USPTO on or before 11:59 p.m. 
Eastern Time of the last day of the response period. Otherwise, your application will be 
abandoned. See the Office action itself regarding how to respond.
(3)  Direct general questions about using USPTO electronic forms, the USPTO website, the 
application process, the status of your application, and whether there are outstanding deadlines 
to the Trademark Assistance Center (TAC).
After reading the Office action, address any question(s) regarding the specific content to the 
USPTO examining attorney identified in the Office action.
GENERAL GUIDANCE
Check the status of your application periodically in the Trademark Status & 
Document Retrieval (TSDR) database to avoid missing critical deadlines.
•
Update your correspondence email address to ensure you receive important USPTO 
notices about your application.
•
Beware of trademark-related scams. Protect yourself from people and companies that 
may try to take financial advantage of you. Private companies may call you and pretend 
to be the USPTO or may send you communications that resemble official USPTO 
documents to trick you. We will never request your credit card number or social security 
number over the phone. And all official USPTO correspondence will only be emailed 
from the domain “@uspto.gov.” Verify the correspondence originated from us by using 
your Serial Number in our database, TSDR, to confirm that it appears under the 
“Documents” tab, or contact the Trademark Assistance Center. 
•Hiring a U.S.-licensed attorney. If you do not have an attorney and are not required to 
have one under the trademark rules, we encourage you to hire a U.S.-licensed attorney 
specializing in trademark law to help guide you through the registration process. The 
USPTO examining attorney is not your attorney and cannot give you legal advice, but 
rather works for and represents the USPTO in trademark matters.
•