To:
Jing Wang(sy13632997163@outlook.com)
Subject:
U.S. Trademark Application Serial No. 97120147 - HBLGOTWE - PTO
Sent:
August 26, 2022 01:57:06 PM EDT
Sent As:
tmng.notices@uspto.gov
Attachments
feyatt.com 1.jpg
feyatt.com 2.jpg
United States Patent and Trademark Office (USPTO) 
Office Action (Official Letter) About Applicant’s Trademark Application
 
U.S. Application Serial No. 97120147
Mark:  HBLGOTWE
Correspondence Address:  
JING WANG 
KINGSWOOD LAW 
1800 E. LAMBERT RD, 
SUITE 215 CA 92821 UNITED STATES
Applicant:  Shaanxi Heqiminglang Trading Co., Ltd.
Reference/Docket No. PTO
Correspondence Email Address:  sy13632997163@outlook.com
 
 
NONFINAL OFFICE ACTION
 
The USPTO must receive applicant’s response to this letter within six months of the issue date 
below or the application will be abandoned.  Respond using the Trademark Electronic Application 
System (TEAS).  A link to the appropriate TEAS response form appears at the end of this Office 
action.  
Issue date:  August 26, 2022
The referenced application has been reviewed by the assigned trademark examining attorney.  
Applicant must respond timely and completely to the issue(s) below.  15 U.S.C. §1062(b); 37 C.F.R. 
§§2.62(a), 2.65(a); TMEP §§711, 718.03.SEARCH OF USPTO DATABASE OF MARKS
 
The trademark examining attorney searched the USPTO database of registered and pending marks and 
found no conflicting marks that would bar registration under Trademark Act Section 2(d).  15 U.S.C. 
§1052(d); TMEP §704.02.
 
SPECIMEN ISSUE
 
Specimen does not show use of the mark in commerce. Registration is refused because the specimen 
does not show the applied-for mark as actually used in commerce in International Class 28. Trademark 
Act Sections 1 and 45, 15 U.S.C. §§1051, 1127; 37 C.F.R. §§2.34(a)(1)(iv), 2.56(a); TMEP §§904, 
904.07(a). An application based on Trademark Act Section 1(a) must include a specimen showing the 
applied-for mark as actually used in commerce for each international class of goods identified in the 
application or amendment to allege use. 15 U.S.C. §1051(a)(1); 37 C.F.R. §§2.34(a)(1)(iv), 2.56(a); 
TMEP §§904, 904.07(a).
 
Specifically, the provided specimen has multiple issues suggesting that the specimen is fraudulent. For 
example, the mark appears on the side of the toy vehicle without stylization. Despite the unusual 
placement of the mark, the website from which the screenshot was captured contains identical toy cars 
with different marks appearing in the same location. See attached evidence. In particular, an identical 
version of the toy car with "TOPDEPOT" appearing in the exact same position as the applied-for mark 
is offered at half the price on the same website. Because the website contains identical versions of the 
same product with different marks, there is a strong inference that the mark is not actually being used in 
commerce and the purpose of the website is merely to establish evidence of use-in-commerce.
 
Examples of specimens.  Specimens for goods include a photograph of (1) the actual goods bearing 
the mark; (2) an actual container, packaging, tag or label for the goods bearing the mark; or (3) a point-
of-sale display showing the mark directly associated with the goods.  See 37 C.F.R. §2.56(b)(1), (c); 
TMEP §904.03(a)-(m).  A webpage specimen submitted as a display associated with the goods must 
show the mark in association with a picture or textual description of the goods and include information 
necessary for ordering the goods.  TMEP §904.03(i); see 37 C.F.R. §2.56(b)(1), (c).  Any webpage 
printout or screenshot submitted as a specimen must include the webpage’s URL and the date it was 
accessed or printed on the specimen itself, within the TEAS form that submits the specimen, or in a 
verified statement under 37 C.F.R. §2.20 or 28 U.S.C. §1746 in a later-filed response.  See 37 C.F.R. 
§2.56(c); TMEP §§904.03(i), 1301.04(a).
 
Response options. Applicant may respond to this refusal by satisfying one of the following for each 
applicable international class:
 
(1)        Submit a different specimen (a verified “substitute” specimen) that (a) was 
in actual use in commerce at least as early as the filing date of the application or prior to 
the filing of an amendment to allege use and (b) shows the mark in actual use in 
commerce for the goods identified in the application or amendment to allege use. A 
“verified substitute specimen” is a specimen that is accompanied by the following 
statement made in a signed affidavit or supported by a declaration under 37 C.F.R. 
§2.20: “The substitute (or new, or originally submitted, if appropriate) specimen(s) 
was/were in use in commerce at least as early as the filing date of the application or 
prior to the filing of the amendment to allege use.” The substitute specimen cannot beaccepted without this statement.
 
(2)        Amend the filing basis to intent to use under Section 1(b) (which includes 
withdrawing an amendment to allege use, if one was filed), as no specimen is required 
before publication. This option will later necessitate additional fee(s) and filing 
requirements, including a specimen.
 
For an overview of the response options referenced above and instructions on how to satisfy these 
options using the online Trademark Electronic Application System (TEAS) form, see the Specimen 
webpage.
 
REQUEST FOR ADDITIONAL SPECIMEN SUBMISSIONS – RULE 2.61(B)
 
Given the issues shown in the specimen, applicant must submit additional specimens to allow for a 
complete and accurate examination of the application and assessment of the registrability of the subject 
mark, in accordance with Rule 2.61(b). 37 C.F.R. §2.61(b); see TMEP §904.01(a).
 
Applicant should submit specimens demonstrating use of the mark on all of the following goods:
 
1. Punching toys
2. Stuffed and plush toys
3. Toy action figures and accessories therefor
4. Toys for pets
 
If applicant is unable to provide specimens to support use of these items, applicant must delete these 
entries, or amend the filing basis for those goods that were not in proper use as of the application filing 
date to an intent to use basis under Section 1(b). This option will later necessitate additional fees and 
filing requirements such as providing a specimen for these goods at a subsequent date.
 
Failure to comply with a requirement to furnish additional specimens is grounds for refusing 
registration. In re Harley, 119 USPQ2d 1755, 1757-58 (TTAB 2016); TMEP §814. Merely stating that 
evidence is available on applicant’s or a third party website or providing a hyperlink of such a website 
is an insufficient response and will not make the additional specimens of record. See In re Planalytics, 
Inc., 70 USPQ2d 1453, 1457-58 (TTAB 2004).
 
RESPONSE GUIDELINES
 
Please call or email the assigned trademark examining attorney with questions about this Office action. 
 
 
How to respond.  Click to file a response to this nonfinal Office action./Cameron Rocha/
Cameron Rocha
(571) 272-7245
cameron.rocha@uspto.gov
 
 
RESPONSE GUIDANCE
Missing the response deadline to this letter will cause the application to abandon.  The 
response must be received by the USPTO before midnight Eastern Time of the last day of the 
response period.  TEAS maintenance or unforeseen circumstances could affect an applicant’s 
ability to timely respond.
•
Responses signed by an unauthorized party are not accepted and can cause the application to 
abandon.  If applicant does not have an attorney, the response must be signed by the individual 
applicant, all joint applicants, or someone with legal authority to bind a juristic applicant.  If 
applicant has an attorney, the response must be signed by the attorney.
•
If needed, find contact information for the supervisor of the office or unit listed in the 
signature block.
•United States Patent and Trademark Office (USPTO)
USPTO OFFICIAL NOTICE
Office Action (Official Letter) has issued  
on August 26, 2022 for  
U.S. Trademark Application Serial No.  97120147
A USPTO examining attorney has reviewed your trademark application and issued an Office 
action.  You must respond to this Office action in order to avoid your application 
abandoning.  Follow the steps below.
(1)  Read the Office action. This email is NOT the Office action.
(2)  Respond to the Office action by the deadline using the Trademark Electronic Application 
System (TEAS). Your response must be received by the USPTO on or before 11:59 p.m. 
Eastern Time of the last day of the response period. Otherwise, your application will be 
abandoned. See the Office action itself regarding how to respond.
(3)  Direct general questions about using USPTO electronic forms, the USPTO website, the 
application process, the status of your application, and whether there are outstanding deadlines 
to the Trademark Assistance Center (TAC).
After reading the Office action, address any question(s) regarding the specific content to the 
USPTO examining attorney identified in the Office action.
GENERAL GUIDANCE
Check the status of your application periodically in the Trademark Status & 
Document Retrieval (TSDR) database to avoid missing critical deadlines.
•
Update your correspondence email address to ensure you receive important USPTO 
notices about your application.
•
Beware of trademark-related scams. Protect yourself from people and companies that 
may try to take financial advantage of you. Private companies may call you and pretend 
to be the USPTO or may send you communications that resemble official USPTO 
documents to trick you. We will never request your credit card number or social security 
number over the phone. And all official USPTO correspondence will only be emailed 
from the domain “@uspto.gov.” Verify the correspondence originated from us by using 
your Serial Number in our database, TSDR, to confirm that it appears under the 
“Documents” tab, or contact the Trademark Assistance Center. 
•Hiring a U.S.-licensed attorney. If you do not have an attorney and are not required to 
have one under the trademark rules, we encourage you to hire a U.S.-licensed attorney 
specializing in trademark law to help guide you through the registration process. The 
USPTO examining attorney is not your attorney and cannot give you legal advice, but 
rather works for and represents the USPTO in trademark matters.
•Note To The File
HBLGOTWE
Do Not Print
Negative Translation Statement
•
 Examiner deleted negative translation statement.
Serial Number: 97120147  
Date: 08/26/2022 1:53 pm  
Created by: Cameron Rocha