To:
Syntegra ESG Inc.(mark.stephens@syntegra-esg.com)
Subject:
U.S. Trademark Application Serial No. 97120813 - PURPOSE SHERPA
Sent:
August 26, 2022 05:13:35 PM EDT
Sent As:
tmng.notices@uspto.gov
Attachments
screencapture-www-qualtrics-com-experience-management-brand-purpose-16615480397701
screencapture-www-bain-com-consulting-services-organization-purpose-16615476146901
screencapture-www-bcg-com-capabilities-business-organizational-purpose-overview-
16615477143981
screencapture-www-carolconeonpurpose-com-purpose-consulting-16615478091951
United States Patent and Trademark Office (USPTO) 
Office Action (Official Letter) About Applicant’s Trademark Application
 
U.S. Application Serial No. 97120813
Mark:  PURPOSE SHERPA
Correspondence Address:  
SYNTEGRA ESG INC. 
4750 NORTH DOVER STREET 
CHICAGO IL 60640 UNITED STATES
Applicant:  Syntegra ESG Inc.
Reference/Docket No. N/A
Correspondence Email Address:  mark.stephens@syntegra-esg.com
 
 
NONFINAL OFFICE ACTION
 
The USPTO must receive applicant’s response to this letter within six months of the issue date 
below or the application will be abandoned.  Respond using the Trademark Electronic Application 
System (TEAS).  A link to the appropriate TEAS response form appears at the end of this Office 
action.  
Issue date:  August 26, 2022
The referenced application has been reviewed by the assigned trademark examining attorney. Applicantmust respond timely and completely to the issue(s) below. 15 U.S.C. §1062(b); 37 C.F.R. §§2.62(a), 
2.65(a); TMEP §§711, 718.03.
 
SUMMARY OF ISSUES 
 
Application Must be Amended to Principal Register
•
Disclaimer Required
•
 
SEARCH OF USPTO DATABASE OF MARKS
 
The trademark examining attorney has searched the USPTO database of registered and pending marks 
and has found no conflicting marks that would bar registration under Trademark Act Section 2(d). 15 
U.S.C. §1052(d); TMEP §704.02.
 
APPLICATION MUST BE AMENDED TO PRINCIPAL REGISTER
 
Registration on the Supplemental Register is refused because applicant’s mark is eligible for 
registration on the Principal Register. TMEP §815.01; see 15 U.S.C. §1091(a). Applicant has sought 
registration of the applied-for mark on the Supplemental Register. See 15 U.S.C. §1091. However, 
applicant’s mark is eligible for registration on the Principal Register because it comprises or includes 
inherently distinctive matter. See TMEP §1212.
 
A mark that is eligible for registration on the Principal Register may not be registered on the 
Supplemental Register. Nazon v. Ghiorse, 119 USPQ2d 1178, 1182 (TTAB 2016); TMEP §815.01. 
Accordingly, applicant must amend the application to seek registration on the Principal Register.
 
DISCLAIMER REQUIRED 
 
Applicant must disclaim the wording “PURPOSE” because it is merely descriptive of a feature of 
applicant’s services.  See 15 U.S.C. §1052(e)(1); DuoProSS Meditech Corp. v. Inviro Med. Devices, 
Ltd., 695 F.3d 1247, 1251, 103 USPQ2d 1753, 1755 (Fed. Cir. 2012); TMEP §§1213, 1213.03(a). 
 
The attached evidence from third party providers of business consulting and brand imagery and strategy 
consulting service providers shows this wording is commonly used in connection with similar services 
to describe a feature of the consulting services, advisory and expert services aimed to identify and 
develop "a company's 'why' - its reason for being and the things it stands for."  Applicant's specimen 
further supports the requirement, as it shows the wording used to describe a feature of the 
services: "Find or recalibrate your courageous purpose aligned to your brand through our expert 
facilitation." Thus, the wording merely describes a feature of applicant’s services, namely, the focus or 
feature thereof.
 
Applicant may respond to this issue by submitting a disclaimer in the following format: 
 
No claim is made to the exclusive right to use “PURPOSE” apart from the mark as shown. 
 
For an overview of disclaimers and instructions on how to provide one using the Trademark Electronic 
Application System (TEAS), see the Disclaimer webpage. 
 
RESPONSE GUIDELINESPlease call or email the assigned trademark examining attorney to resolve the issues in this Office 
action. Although the USPTO does not accept emails as responses to Office actions, communication by 
phone or email is permissible to agree to proposed amendments to the application that will immediately 
place the application in condition for publication, registration, or suspension. See 37 C.F.R. §2.62(c); 
TMEP §707.
 
How to respond.  Click to file a response to this nonfinal Office action.
 
 
/Christina M. Riepel/
Christina M. Riepel
Trademark Examining Attorney
Law Office 124
(571) 272-6358
christina.riepel@uspto.gov
 
 
RESPONSE GUIDANCE
Missing the response deadline to this letter will cause the application to abandon.  The 
response must be received by the USPTO before midnight Eastern Time of the last day of the 
response period.  TEAS maintenance or unforeseen circumstances could affect an applicant’s 
ability to timely respond.
•
Responses signed by an unauthorized party are not accepted and can cause the application to 
abandon.  If applicant does not have an attorney, the response must be signed by the individual 
applicant, all joint applicants, or someone with legal authority to bind a juristic applicant.  If 
applicant has an attorney, the response must be signed by the attorney.
•
If needed, find contact information for the supervisor of the office or unit listed in the 
signature block.
•United States Patent and Trademark Office (USPTO)
USPTO OFFICIAL NOTICE
Office Action (Official Letter) has issued  
on August 26, 2022 for  
U.S. Trademark Application Serial No.  97120813
A USPTO examining attorney has reviewed your trademark application and issued an Office 
action.  You must respond to this Office action in order to avoid your application 
abandoning.  Follow the steps below.
(1)  Read the Office action. This email is NOT the Office action.
(2)  Respond to the Office action by the deadline using the Trademark Electronic Application 
System (TEAS). Your response must be received by the USPTO on or before 11:59 p.m. 
Eastern Time of the last day of the response period. Otherwise, your application will be 
abandoned. See the Office action itself regarding how to respond.
(3)  Direct general questions about using USPTO electronic forms, the USPTO website, the 
application process, the status of your application, and whether there are outstanding deadlines 
to the Trademark Assistance Center (TAC).
After reading the Office action, address any question(s) regarding the specific content to the 
USPTO examining attorney identified in the Office action.
GENERAL GUIDANCE
Check the status of your application periodically in the Trademark Status & 
Document Retrieval (TSDR) database to avoid missing critical deadlines.
•
Update your correspondence email address to ensure you receive important USPTO 
notices about your application.
•
Beware of trademark-related scams. Protect yourself from people and companies that 
may try to take financial advantage of you. Private companies may call you and pretend 
to be the USPTO or may send you communications that resemble official USPTO 
documents to trick you. We will never request your credit card number or social security 
number over the phone. And all official USPTO correspondence will only be emailed 
from the domain “@uspto.gov.” Verify the correspondence originated from us by using 
your Serial Number in our database, TSDR, to confirm that it appears under the 
“Documents” tab, or contact the Trademark Assistance Center. 
•Hiring a U.S.-licensed attorney. If you do not have an attorney and are not required to 
have one under the trademark rules, we encourage you to hire a U.S.-licensed attorney 
specializing in trademark law to help guide you through the registration process. The 
USPTO examining attorney is not your attorney and cannot give you legal advice, but 
rather works for and represents the USPTO in trademark matters.
•Note To The File
PURPOSE SHERPA
Searched
Google
•
OneLook
•
Discussed file with Attorney/Applicant
via E-Mail
•
  
From: Riepel, Christina  
Sent: Tuesday, August 23, 2022 8:33 PM 
To: mark.stephens@syntegra-esg.com 
Cc: axel.kravatzky@syntegra-esg.com 
Subject: RE: U.S. Application Serial No. 97120813 - PURPOSE SHERPA
 
Good afternoon, Mr. Stephens:
 
I have examined the above-referenced trademark application.  It appears applicant filed the mark for registration 
on the Supplemental Register; however, as only the mark wording PURPOSE appears to be descriptive in 
relation to the applied-for services, the mark is eligible for registration on the Principal Register.  A mark that is 
eligible for registration on the Principal Register may not be registered on the Supplemental Register. 
 
To resolve this issue and place the application in position for publication, the following examiner’s amendments 
are proposed:
 
AMENDMENT TO PRINCIPAL REGISTER
 
Serial Number: 97120813  
Date: 08/26/2022 4:54 pm  
Created by: Christina RiepelThe application is amended to the Principal Register.
 
DISCLAIMER STATEMENT
 
The following disclaimer statement is added to the record:
 
No claim is made to the exclusive right to use “PURPOSE” apart from the mark as shown.
 
 
 
Please let me know as soon as practicable, but no later than close of business on Friday, August 26, whether the 
proposed amendments are authorized.  If you should have any questions or concerns regarding the foregoing, 
please do not hesitate call me.  If I do not receive a response to this email, I will proceed in issuing a formal 
refusal to which applicant will be required to reply.
 
 
 
Kind regards,
 
Christina M. Riepel
Trademark Examining Attorney | Law Office 124
Phone: (571) 272-6358
Relevant e-mail communications will be uploaded to the official examination record in accordance with 37 C.F.R. § 2.191 and TMEP 
§§ 709.04-05.