To:
Parlier, Nicholas, R(nick@oregontrailmoving.com)
Subject:
U.S. Trademark Application Serial No. 97120382 - OREGON TRAIL GEAR
Sent:
August 26, 2022 01:49:53 PM EDT
Sent As:
tmng.notices@uspto.gov
Attachments
88438231
screencapture-www-merriam-webster-com-dictionary-gear-16612615172521
United States Patent and Trademark Office (USPTO) 
Office Action (Official Letter) About Applicant’s Trademark Application
 
U.S. Application Serial No. 97120382
Mark:  OREGON TRAIL GEAR
Correspondence Address:  
PARLIER, NICHOLAS, R 
7510 SE MILWAUKIE AVE PORTLAND OR 97202 
PORTLAND OR 97202 UNITED STATES
Applicant:  Parlier, Nicholas, R
Reference/Docket No. N/A
Correspondence Email Address:  nick@oregontrailmoving.com
 
 
NONFINAL OFFICE ACTION
 
The USPTO must receive applicant’s response to this letter within six months of the issue date 
below or the application will be abandoned.  Respond using the Trademark Electronic Application 
System (TEAS).  A link to the appropriate TEAS response form appears at the end of this Office 
action.  
Issue date:  August 26, 2022
The referenced application has been reviewed by the assigned trademark examining attorney.  
Applicant must respond timely and completely to the issue(s) below.  15 U.S.C. §1062(b); 37 C.F.R. 
§§2.62(a), 2.65(a); TMEP §§711, 718.03.SUMMARY OF ISSUES:
Prior Pending Mark Advisory
•
Disclaimer Requirement 
•
Address Clarification  
•
 
PRIOR-FILED APPLICATION ADVISORY 
 
The trademark examining attorney has searched the USPTO database of registered and pending marks 
and has found no conflicting registered marks that would bar registration under Trademark Act Section 
2(d). 15 U.S.C. §1052(d); TMEP §704.02. However, a mark in a prior-filed pending application may 
present a bar to registration of applicant’s mark.
 
The filing date of pending U.S. Application Serial No. 88438231 precedes applicant’s filing date.  See 
attached referenced application.  If the mark in the referenced application registers, applicant’s mark 
may be refused registration under Trademark Act Section 2(d) because of a likelihood of confusion 
between the two marks.  See 15 U.S.C. §1052(d); 37 C.F.R. §2.83; TMEP §§1208 et seq.  Therefore, 
upon receipt of applicant’s response to this Office action, action on this application may be suspended 
pending final disposition of the earlier-filed referenced application.
 
In response to this Office action, applicant may present arguments in support of registration by 
addressing the issue of the potential conflict between applicant’s mark and the mark in the referenced 
application.  Applicant’s election not to submit arguments at this time in no way limits applicant’s right 
to address this issue later if a refusal under Section 2(d) issues.
 
DISCLAIMER REQUIREMENT 
 
Applicant must disclaim the wording “GEAR” because it is merely descriptive of an ingredient, quality, 
characteristic, function, feature, purpose, or use of applicant’s goods and/or services.  See 15 U.S.C. 
§1052(e)(1); DuoProSS Meditech Corp. v. Inviro Med. Devices, Ltd., 695 F.3d 1247, 1251, 103 
USPQ2d 1753, 1755 (Fed. Cir. 2012); TMEP §§1213, 1213.03(a). 
 
The attached evidence from Merriam-Webster shows this wording refers to clothing, garments.  Thus, 
the wording merely describes applicant’s goods because the applicant's goods are clothing goods.
 
Applicant may respond to this issue by submitting a disclaimer in the following format: 
 
No claim is made to the exclusive right to use “GEAR” apart from the mark as shown. 
 
For an overview of disclaimers and instructions on how to provide one using the Trademark Electronic 
Application System (TEAS), see the Disclaimer webpage. 
 
ADDRESS CLARIFICATION 
 
Applicant is advised to amend the address information in the applicant information section of the 
application. Applicant's entire address appears in the mailing address section and is duplicative. That is, 
applicant's address is "7510 SE Milwaukie Ave Portland Or 97202 Portland OR 97202 UNITED 
STATES OF AMERICA". Applicant should amend the address to the proper format. 
 
RESPONSE GUIDELINESPlease call or email the assigned trademark examining attorney with questions about this Office action. 
 
 
How to respond.  Click to file a response to this nonfinal Office action.
 
 
/Cameron Rocha/
Cameron Rocha
(571) 272-7245
cameron.rocha@uspto.gov
 
 
RESPONSE GUIDANCE
Missing the response deadline to this letter will cause the application to abandon.  The 
response must be received by the USPTO before midnight Eastern Time of the last day of the 
response period.  TEAS maintenance or unforeseen circumstances could affect an applicant’s 
ability to timely respond.
•
Responses signed by an unauthorized party are not accepted and can cause the application to 
abandon.  If applicant does not have an attorney, the response must be signed by the individual 
applicant, all joint applicants, or someone with legal authority to bind a juristic applicant.  If 
applicant has an attorney, the response must be signed by the attorney.
•
If needed, find contact information for the supervisor of the office or unit listed in the 
signature block.
•Print: Tue Aug 23 2022
88438231
(4) STANDARD CHARACTER MARK
Mark Punctuated
THE OREGON TRAIL
Translation
Goods/Services
IC 025. US 022 039.G & S: Clothing, namely, beachwear; caps being headwear, coats; dresses, ear muffs, 
footwear; gloves, halloween costumes, hats, headwear; hosiery; infant wear, jackets, lounge ear muffs, 
mittens, overalls; pants, ponchos; rainwear; scarves; socks; shirts, shorts, skirts, sleepwear, sweaters; 
sweatpants, sweatshirts, swimwear; t-shirts, underwear, visors being headwear, wristbands as clothing. 
FIRST USE: 20171231. FIRST USE IN COMMERCE: 20171231
•
Mark Drawing Code
(4) STANDARD CHARACTER MARK
Design Code
Serial Number
88438231
Filing Date
20190520
Current Filing Basis
1B
Original Filing Basis
1B
Publication for Opposition Date
20190730
Registration Number
Date Registered
Owner
(APPLICANT) Houghton Mifflin Harcourt Publishing Company COMPANY MASSACHUSETTS 125 High 
Street, 9th Floor Boston MASSACHUSETTS 02110
Priority Date
Disclaimer Statement
Description of Mark
Type of Mark
TRADEMARK
RegisterPRINCIPAL
Live Dead Indicator
LIVE
Attorney of Record
Mary A. DonovanUnited States Patent and Trademark Office (USPTO)
USPTO OFFICIAL NOTICE
Office Action (Official Letter) has issued  
on August 26, 2022 for  
U.S. Trademark Application Serial No.  97120382
A USPTO examining attorney has reviewed your trademark application and issued an Office 
action.  You must respond to this Office action in order to avoid your application 
abandoning.  Follow the steps below.
(1)  Read the Office action. This email is NOT the Office action.
(2)  Respond to the Office action by the deadline using the Trademark Electronic Application 
System (TEAS). Your response must be received by the USPTO on or before 11:59 p.m. 
Eastern Time of the last day of the response period. Otherwise, your application will be 
abandoned. See the Office action itself regarding how to respond.
(3)  Direct general questions about using USPTO electronic forms, the USPTO website, the 
application process, the status of your application, and whether there are outstanding deadlines 
to the Trademark Assistance Center (TAC).
After reading the Office action, address any question(s) regarding the specific content to the 
USPTO examining attorney identified in the Office action.
GENERAL GUIDANCE
Check the status of your application periodically in the Trademark Status & 
Document Retrieval (TSDR) database to avoid missing critical deadlines.
•
Update your correspondence email address to ensure you receive important USPTO 
notices about your application.
•
Beware of trademark-related scams. Protect yourself from people and companies that 
may try to take financial advantage of you. Private companies may call you and pretend 
to be the USPTO or may send you communications that resemble official USPTO 
documents to trick you. We will never request your credit card number or social security 
number over the phone. And all official USPTO correspondence will only be emailed 
from the domain “@uspto.gov.” Verify the correspondence originated from us by using 
your Serial Number in our database, TSDR, to confirm that it appears under the 
“Documents” tab, or contact the Trademark Assistance Center. 
•Hiring a U.S.-licensed attorney. If you do not have an attorney and are not required to 
have one under the trademark rules, we encourage you to hire a U.S.-licensed attorney 
specializing in trademark law to help guide you through the registration process. The 
USPTO examining attorney is not your attorney and cannot give you legal advice, but 
rather works for and represents the USPTO in trademark matters.
•