To:
Thomas L. Difloure(tdifloure@gmail.com)
Subject:
U.S. Trademark Application Serial No. 97120354 - MASSAGE TRIBE
Sent:
August 26, 2022 12:10:26 PM EDT
Sent As:
tmng.notices@uspto.gov
Attachments
97120354 address.jpg
massage definition.jpg
United States Patent and Trademark Office (USPTO) 
Office Action (Official Letter) About Applicant’s Trademark Application
 
U.S. Application Serial No. 97120354
Mark:  MASSAGE TRIBE
Correspondence Address:  
THOMAS L. DIFLOURE 
LAW OFFICE OF THOMAS L. DIFLOURE 
13952 BORA BORA WAY, #317 
MARINA DEL REY CA 90292 UNITED STATES
Applicant:  Fireheart Music, Inc.
Reference/Docket No. N/A
Correspondence Email Address:  tdifloure@gmail.com
 
 
NONFINAL OFFICE ACTION
 
The USPTO must receive applicant’s response to this letter within six months of the issue date 
below or the application will be abandoned.  Respond using the Trademark Electronic Application 
System (TEAS).  A link to the appropriate TEAS response form appears at the end of this Office 
action.  
Issue date:  August 26, 2022
Database Search: The trademark examining attorney has searched the USPTO database of registered 
and pending marks and has found no conflicting marks that would bar registration under Trademark 
Act Section 2(d). 15 U.S.C. §1052(d); TMEP §704.02.Application Has Been Reviewed: The referenced application has been reviewed by the assigned 
trademark examining attorney. Applicant must respond timely and completely to the issues below. 15 
U.S.C. §1062(b); 37 C.F.R. §§2.62(a), 2.65(a); TMEP §§711, 718.03.
 
Summary of Issues Applicant Must Address
Applicant's Domicile Street Address
•
Disclaimer
•
 
Applicant's Domicile Street Address
Applicant must clarify its domicile street address because the domicile address of record identifies a 
post office box or mail forwarding service that does not appear to be applicant’s permanent legal place 
of residence or principal place of business. See 37 C.F.R. §§2.11(b), 2.189; TMEP §601.01(b)(1). A 
domicile address must identify either (1) the permanent legal place of residence, which is the place an 
individual applicant resides and intends to be the applicant’s principal home; or (2) the principal place 
of business, which is the juristic applicant’s headquarters where its senior executives or officers 
ordinarily direct and control the entity’s activities.  See 37 C.F.R. §2.2(o)-(p); TMEP §803.05(a). All 
applications must include the applicant’s domicile address, which is required for a complete 
application. See 37 C.F.R. §§2.22(a)(1), 2.32(a)(2), 2.189.
 
In this case, the application record lists applicant as a juristic entity and specifies applicant’s domicile 
as a post office box or mail forwarding service. The attached web page indicates that 2785 Pacific 
Coast Hwy., Torrance, California, is the address of a UPS store.  In most cases, a post office box or 
mail forwarding service is not acceptable as a domicile address because it does not identify the location 
of applicant’s headquarters where the entity’s senior executives or officers ordinarily direct and control 
the entity’s activities. See 37 C.F.R. §2.2(o)-(p); TMEP §601.01(b)(1).
 
Response options. Applicant must provide its domicile street address. See 37 C.F.R. §2.32(a)(2), 
2.189; TMEP §803.05. Alternatively, applicant may provide (1) documentation showing that the listed 
address is, in fact, applicant’s domicile, or (2) a detailed explanation supporting that applicant has no 
fixed physical address. See 37 C.F.R. §2.11(b); TMEP §601.01(b)-(b)(1).
 
To provide applicant’s domicile street address. After opening the correct Trademark Electronic 
Application System (TEAS) response form and entering the serial number, (1) answer “yes” to question 
5 and click “Continue;” (2) on the “Owner Information” page, in the “Domicile Address” field, 
uncheck the box stating the domicile and mailing address are not the same; and (3) below the checkbox 
provide applicant’s domicile street address. Applicant’s domicile street address will be hidden from 
public view if it is entered into the “Domicile Address” field. However, any street address listed in the 
“Mailing Address” field will be publicly viewable.
 
To provide documentation to support applicant’s domicile address. Applicant should provide the 
most recent documentation showing that the address is the applicant’s business headquarters, for 
example one of the following: (1) the most recent final annual or quarterly report or other similar 
report; or (2) a current, valid signed rental, lease, or mortgage agreement for office space. TMEP 
§601.01(b)-(b)(1); see 37 C.F.R. §2.11(b). Submitted documentation must show the name, listed 
domicile address, and the date of the document but should redact other personal and financial 
information.
 
To provide this documentation, open the correct TEAS response form and enter the serial number,answer “yes” to question 3, and on the “Additional Statement(s)” page, below the “Miscellaneous 
Statement” field, click the button below the text box to attach documentation to support the U.S. street 
address.
 
To provide a detailed explanation that applicant has no fixed physical address. If applicant has no 
physical headquarters where its senior executives or officers ordinarily direct and control the business 
(e.g., because the business is conducted virtually), applicant should state for the record that applicant 
has no fixed physical address and provide a detailed explanation of the circumstances.
 
To provide this explanation, open the correct TEAS response form and enter the serial number, answer 
“yes” to question 3, and on the “Additional Statement(s)” page, in the “Miscellaneous Statement” field, 
enter the referenced explanation in the text box.
 
Disclaimer
Applicant must disclaim the term “massage” because it is merely descriptive of a feature of applicant’s 
goods.  See 15 U.S.C. §1052(e)(1); DuoProSS Meditech Corp. v. Inviro Med. Devices, Ltd., 695 F.3d 
1247, 1251, 103 USPQ2d 1753, 1755 (Fed. Cir. 2012); TMEP §§1213, 1213.03(a). 
 
A disclaimer is a statement in the application record that an applicant does not claim exclusive rights to 
an unregistrable component of the mark.  See Schwarzkopf v. John H. Breck, Inc., 340 F.2d 978, 979-
80, 144 USPQ 433, 433 (C.C.P.A. 1965); TMEP §1213.  A disclaimer does not physically remove the 
disclaimed matter from the mark or otherwise affect the appearance of the mark.  See Schwarzkopf v. 
John H. Breck, Inc., 340 F.2d at 979, 144 USPQ2d at 433; TMEP §1213. 
   
The attached dictionary entry shows that "massage" means "manipulation of tissues (by rubbing, 
kneading, or tapping) with the hand or an instrument for relaxation or therapeutic purposes."  The 
applicant's specimen of use indicates that its goods are used as an accompaniment to massage.  This 
evidence is linked to the goods at issue in that the evidence shows that "massage" is descriptive of a 
feature of the goods.  The applicant’s goods are described broadly enough to include music used during 
massage.
 
Purchasers who encounter the word "massage" with the identified goods would immediately understand 
that the applicant’s goods concern massage; therefore, the exclusive rights to use of the term "massage" 
must be disclaimed.  
 
Applicant may respond to this issue by submitting a disclaimer in the following format: 
 
No claim is made to the exclusive right to use “MASSAGE” apart from the mark as shown. 
 
For an overview of disclaimers and instructions on how to provide one using the Trademark Electronic 
Application System (TEAS), see the Disclaimer webpage. 
 
 
How to respond.  Click to file a response to this nonfinal Office action./Leigh Caroline Case/
Trademark Examining Attorney 
Law Office 112 
Trademark Assistance (571) 272-9250 
 
(571) 272-9140
leigh.case@uspto.gov
 
 
RESPONSE GUIDANCE
Missing the response deadline to this letter will cause the application to abandon.  The 
response must be received by the USPTO before midnight Eastern Time of the last day of the 
response period.  TEAS maintenance or unforeseen circumstances could affect an applicant’s 
ability to timely respond.
•
Responses signed by an unauthorized party are not accepted and can cause the application to 
abandon.  If applicant does not have an attorney, the response must be signed by the individual 
applicant, all joint applicants, or someone with legal authority to bind a juristic applicant.  If 
applicant has an attorney, the response must be signed by the attorney.
•
If needed, find contact information for the supervisor of the office or unit listed in the 
signature block.
•United States Patent and Trademark Office (USPTO)
USPTO OFFICIAL NOTICE
Office Action (Official Letter) has issued  
on August 26, 2022 for  
U.S. Trademark Application Serial No.  97120354
A USPTO examining attorney has reviewed your trademark application and issued an Office 
action.  You must respond to this Office action in order to avoid your application 
abandoning.  Follow the steps below.
(1)  Read the Office action. This email is NOT the Office action.
(2)  Respond to the Office action by the deadline using the Trademark Electronic Application 
System (TEAS). Your response must be received by the USPTO on or before 11:59 p.m. 
Eastern Time of the last day of the response period. Otherwise, your application will be 
abandoned. See the Office action itself regarding how to respond.
(3)  Direct general questions about using USPTO electronic forms, the USPTO website, the 
application process, the status of your application, and whether there are outstanding deadlines 
to the Trademark Assistance Center (TAC).
After reading the Office action, address any question(s) regarding the specific content to the 
USPTO examining attorney identified in the Office action.
GENERAL GUIDANCE
Check the status of your application periodically in the Trademark Status & 
Document Retrieval (TSDR) database to avoid missing critical deadlines.
•
Update your correspondence email address to ensure you receive important USPTO 
notices about your application.
•
Beware of trademark-related scams. Protect yourself from people and companies that 
may try to take financial advantage of you. Private companies may call you and pretend 
to be the USPTO or may send you communications that resemble official USPTO 
documents to trick you. We will never request your credit card number or social security 
number over the phone. And all official USPTO correspondence will only be emailed 
from the domain “@uspto.gov.” Verify the correspondence originated from us by using 
your Serial Number in our database, TSDR, to confirm that it appears under the 
“Documents” tab, or contact the Trademark Assistance Center. 
•Hiring a U.S.-licensed attorney. If you do not have an attorney and are not required to 
have one under the trademark rules, we encourage you to hire a U.S.-licensed attorney 
specializing in trademark law to help guide you through the registration process. The 
USPTO examining attorney is not your attorney and cannot give you legal advice, but 
rather works for and represents the USPTO in trademark matters.
•